Nowadays, because of the bad grades of their children, more and more parents try to let tirtles to make up it. They think it is a good way to improve their children's grades. But wheather it's right is in doubt. 
Some people hold the view that it is helpful. Children can learn more in they way. What more, they can be taught face to face, which make easier to find what they don't know.
But others disagree with it. They think it is a weast of both of time and money, they can learn what they need from their teacher.
There is no need spending so much money to teach what they have been taught again.
As far as I concerned, I think it's unnessuary. If we pay attention to what our teacher have taught us and spend enough time, we can get good grades easily. We shouldn't spend extra money.

<start>Nowadays, private tutoring has become a common phenomenon. Though children are well educated in schools, to make progress or to make up for what's missed out in the school, parents will choose to employ a private tutoring teacher to instruct their childrens in home.
In fact, people differ in the views of private tutoring. Some suppose private tutoring has benefits to teachers and children. As to teachers who might be undergraduates, first, they can earn extra money to pay for the educatial expenses. Second, They have a opportunity to adapt to society and it contributes to their communicating skills.
However, there are opposite ideas about private tutoring. These pople believe it has lots of disadvantages. To the children, they will have heavy stress.

<start>The recently inverstgation shows that a lot of parents seek home teacher for their kids. It's very normal for parents to care their kid's study. Is seeking the home teacher good for kid's study? Of course, kids can benefit from the home teacher and they might learn more in their spare time. What's more, kids may make full use of thier spare time instead of playing games. But it is not effective. On the other hand, kids need relaxed. Beaucase of their hard study work. It's helpful that kids to own their time. In addtion, the home teacher may be not good enough to teach. I have been a home teacher, I think parents should not add the kids study task. It may be good and effective for kids to have their own spare life in thier study. Let the kids study in a freedom zone.

<start>It's every partent's to make their children get a good education and can get a high score in the exam. So many parents get their children with private tutor. They think that in that way their children can learn more and get a good score, so that they can get into a famous university.
There is no doubt that private tutoring can makes children learn more. And with a teacher teach a child, it is effective, and it can make the child understand the knowledge fully. But there is also some disadvantages. It will makes the children have little free time. They can't do the things they want to do. And all study no play makes them stupid.
I have did private tutoring. The child I taught must study all day because his parents also made him learn other things. I think parents should give their children more free time. It may be better to learn by themselves.

<start>Nowdays, parents find one or more faimily teachers for students to improve their studies. It is a common phenomenon. In the big city, many college students will make money as a family teacher on Sunday. There are many good things for a student when studying with the help of a teacher around,  They can ask any question they can't understand immediately so they will make a great progress in their study. On the other hand, the family teacher could not only study again, but also make money with their work.  
But on the controy, family teacher will make students careless in class and they may not listen when teachers in school give lessions.
In my opinion, family teacher is important for some students who have bad basis in study They have no time to learn again so that a good teacher can help them to find a simple way to learn more. But  for most student, they don't could learn by themselves. To find family teacher just wastes time and money.

<start>With the more and more attention parents pay to their children's education, the phenomenon of private tutoring is now becaming more and more common.
Strictly speaking, we can't say it is wrong or right absolutely. And private tutoring has its advantages and disadvantages. As for the advantages, first of all, it is true that private tutoring can make a pvomotion on your children's study and get a good grade . Besides, we can learn something which we can't obtain from the class via our tutor. On the other hand, private tutoring means that we will set aside extra time from our study time.
As I think it, pivate tutoring isn't a sensible choice. We should learn to solve our study problems on our own.

<start>Now, the phenomenon that parents hire a teacher in family for their chidnen's study is commoner and commoner. These teachers continue to teach children math, English , Chinese, and all most all subjects after school. 
There are both advantages and disadvantages in private Turtoring. On the one hand, the family teachers sometimes can help the children a lot in their school work and solve the problems which the children meet with in homework. Besides, for some intelligent children, a family teacher can teach them more and new knowledge which can expand their eyesight. On the other hand, the disadvantages is very obvious. After school, there will be less or even no time left for children to play. This will have a great influence on their character. Endless studying and knowledge may make him more calm and have little time to stay with their friends. Finally, loneliness in heart can let him some metal diseases.
In my opinion, I think not most students need family teaching, Only those very intelligent students should have a private tutoring. And other common children need more free time to play for themselves. We shoud treat differently

<start>Now, It is common to employ a private tutor for students. It has both good and bad effect on your child.
At first, Maybe It's good for your child to study harder, and it can promote your child's score. But for another thing, It's not good for students to study himself. It can make student depond on other peoples. So the private tutoring has both good effects and bad effects on students. 
In my opinion, I think the private tutoring is not good. I think we should leave more time for students. We should make students study depending on himself,  Because when students go to the society, they can only depond on himself. their  parents can't help him then. So we should give the students more chances to practice himself. It can make them live well when their parents can't help them.

<start>There days there is a growing number of parents looking for home teachers for their children. In fact, almost every student has been teached at home by their home teachers. In many ways it is possive for students to learn at home. Their teachers can teach them one by one so that the knowledge they studied  will be more suitable for them. However, students may won't concentrate on their school class at the same time, and they will have no opportunity to develop the skills of learning by themselves. This is why many people think home teacher is useless. 
In my opinion, learning at home with home teacher is a useful new way of education. After all, there are not enough teacher in school , and most students often don't have opportunities to ask teachers for help when they have problem. Now, they can ask their home teachers.

<start>In china, students can be very hard. Besides normal school lessons, almost every parents may employ one private tutor to improve child's score.
Sure, it could be useful sometimes. For top student, they can learn morn fresh idea of solving the problem and improve their ability to answer the difficult question. As for fanal student , it could help them make up for the knowledge lost in school class. And form a good fundamental of knowledge. 
But, on the other hand. It also could do harm to students, very tired it is, and more private tutoring only make them break down. No great body, no good score you know. Then many students feels it is very boring and pain why we trow pain to our child but happy learning?

<start>Nowadays, as the pressure of social competition is becoming heavier and heavier, it's important for us students to get a good school degree. For this reason, the phenomenon of private tutoring for kids is getting more and more widely existed.
On one hand, private tutoring truly benefit some students to some extent. It provides extra teaching after school and put knowledge points across the students. Students can also solve their problems on time with the help of tutors. Overall, it is more likely for private tutoring to provide us with individual and appropriate teaching.
However, on the other hand, private tutoring many bring some unexpected harmful effects to us. Above all, we aren't able to take part in some after-school activities because of the lack of time. What's more, it's doubtful to study efficiently for so long time. Last but not least, private tutoring many cause negative effects on our minds.
As far as I am concerned, the situation differs among the students. For some students, it may be beneficial, But for others, it may not be. Therefore, whether it is appropriate for students should be the first of our concerns. Students' desire to learn is an important one. If we can do these points, I believe private tutoring will be helpful.

<start>As we know, nowadays, more and more people are employ teachers to teach their children at home. They want to improve their children's study by this way. This phenomenon has been pretty common, but does it really work?
In fact, it has two sides. For its advantages, of course, children can learn more things in their own house with their special teachers. And the teach can spend all his or her time on your children, which dislikes the school. So your children can be educated better. And the environment is more quiet than school, which can let your children study better.  However, we also should think if every child study at home. He or she may lose the chance to communicate with each other, and he can't exchange his ideas with his mates, both in study and in life. In comparison, the school learning can make children more thinkable. And the home learning casts children a lot of time, this will make them have less time to enjoy theirselves and relieve their study press. If it isn't used proper, it may contribute health problems.
In my point of view, parents can employ teachers properly. Especially when your children have difficulties in studies, then you can do this to solve it. But if they don't have may be tired of study. And things you unexpect may come, that's child may lose interest in study, you make a great mistake.
So, parents shouldn't follow others to employ teachers, but to thing about it considerablely. That will be better.

<start>There are many parents like to pay for private tutoring now. In the university, there are always many advertisements on the walls which is looking for a teacher to teach student one by one at home.
The private tutoring can provide a good teaching environment because nothing can interrupt the class. The teacher and the student can communicating deeply and student could ask as much as he or she wants. So private tutoring is a good way to improve students, and it takes extra time of the student. Many students do not like it.
I think that private tutoring benefits the students and the teachers, and the government should do something to improve the private tutoring.

<start>Nowadays, children's education is at the top of the priority list for most parents in China. To provide their children a better education, some parents call for private tutors no matter how much the price is.
Certainly, private tutoring has its advantages. Children can learn more out of regular classes with fewer leisure time and more homework, children can be more hard-work and far away from private tutoring also has many disadvantages first of all, it can wighen the burden of family economy. In addition it also wighten the burden of students. Their life may be more ledious. This will even make them lose interests in studying.
On a personal level, I'm against private tutoring. If we work hard and make full use of every class is school. School education is good enough for us. Without private tutors. We must learn to rely on ourselves and suck in more knowledge actively other than accept knowledge passively. And we can have more spare time to take part in various activities to be a all-part-developed person.

<start>Sending for a private tutor for children is not an unusall phenomenon now, and it becomes popular and popular. When it comes to summer holiday or winter holiday, almost every porrent want to do this.
The requirements produce big market. So many small organization between parrents and tutors have been set up to make money, and if parents or tutors happen to meet illegal ones, they will lose much. After all the sevice is the short one, parents cannot ensure the safety of tutors. For children, one more teacher for them can limit their freedom or kill their time to do the things they are interested in.
But tutors also have many advantages, most children waste much time playing around all the time, a tutor can enrich their life, make them more awared about this world.  What's more, a good tutor's character can also affect children much.
In my opinion, whether parents should invite private tutors should ask for their children's willing, if they don't want one, parents should make a stop after carefully thinking.

<start>Now, it's popular among the children to have their own tutors in current society. In my view private tutoring has its advantages and disadvantages.
The most important advantage is that children can get more in for mation about exam by their tutors that they can't get in class. And they may feel more relaxed when taught by their private tutors. To this point more and more children prefer to choose tutors rather than teachers in class.
However, every coin has two sides, it disadvantages shouldn't be heglect. If more and more children choose tutor, how the school to exist? Why teachers can not became tutors?  Futhermore, some students may be poor so that they can't have tutors, in other words, education may become unfair. I think even the whole society can not tolerant this phenomenan.
Finally, personally speaking, I suggest we must have tutors in a certain degree own government should contrl on this phenomenan. 

<start>It is quite a common phenomenon to see adolescents tutoring on weekends. I believe it benefits both sides.
In the view of a college student from poor family, tutoring could relieve their financial stress. On top skills. Then, let's stand at the senior high's side. The fteshmen have just graduated from senior. So they can remember the difficult points and how to review efficiently well enough to teach us. 
In my point of view, private tutoring is an element essercial for education besides the time-hanacred way. Both the tutors and the students learn a lot from the experience. As a college student, I harbor a lot to share with the would be freshmen which I think could assist their college life. Above all, my humble suggestion is that the promotion of private tutoring should continue!

<start>As competetions become more and more severe at school, Many parents hire private tutors to promote their children's study.
On the one hand, due to the more successful experience tutors have than the students they help, private tutors have the ability to improve the patters and awaress of the students' study. On the other hand, to share study experience with students will also develop the tutors' kills to sommunicate express self feelings and cope with teaching problems.
However, if students rely on the assistant of tutors and lose their interest to self study, the tutors' work will just ruin the students' independent study ability and it will only waste time and money.
In my opinion, I think whether to get the help of a private tutor should depend on the student's willing. If the student want to overcome the difficulty all by himself, let it be. Or the student really need the help of a tutor and think it is a good thing to absorb the advantages from a tutor, we also should respect his choice.
In a word, let the students solve their study by themselves.

<start>Nowadays, parents asking home teachers to teach their children: is more generous. But home teachers have both good and side effect. 
Home teachers are good for the children, because they can help children review the knowledge. If children have questions, teachers can solve it imadiantly. Children can learn more things than at class and focus their attention.
But it also has side effect. It make children lose their abilities of learning by themselves. Children also don't have time to enjoy their gold time.
In my opinion, a good student can learn knowledges by himself, He doesn't need home teachers. If someone has difficult in some subject and can't do it well on their own, maybe asking home teachers is a kind of way.

<start>Today, from elementary school to high school, parents hire private tutors for child is a general common phenomenon.
At first, in the intense school studying, private tutoring take effect. Private tutoring can offer student other efficientive time to study after school. And most important, aim at different sudent paivate tutor can choose suitable method to help the student, in some degree, private tutoring solve the scare of school studying. On the other hand, hiring the private tutor directly add the burden on the student who is exhausted after school time studying. And private tutoring also restrain the space of studying, we all know independent study ability is indispensible for a university study.
In my opinion, whether hiring private tutor should depend on student's willing. If the student think it's necessary, the private tutoring will make good effect.

<start>As is known to us all, it has become a general phenomenon that quite a few parents ask for private tutors to help with their children's study. Honestly speaking, I also have experience of being a tutor.
Then is private tutoring really benefitial to these children? The answer isn't sure. It has both advantages and disadvantages. On one hand, if the students are willing to learn after class, it's quite a useful way for them to improve. Of course it needs money. But on the other hand, the problems of great importance is that in many families which are not rich enough, parents still determine to ask for tutors as they believe it's the only way to make their children's study improved and help them gain a bright future. However, a lot of students are not willing to do so. They hate ettra study.
As far as I'm amcerred, children needs freedom. Parents should respect them and ask for their opinions about whether to ask for a tutor. Only in this way can students focus their concertration in study and make the money go right direction.

<start>Nowadays, Private tutoring is a common scene in most Chinese families. However, there is a concern that if the Private tutoring benefit a student or not.
Some students have the inevitable need for the guidance of tutors, as tutoring itself can save a lot of time for students to improve effitiency. Thinking on the need to reduce the multi-turning, of course, blindly relying on the tutoring, often lead a student away from independence. Thus, he will not from the good habit of positive thinking with the days go on, Students relying too much on private tutoring will lose the capability of self-learning, which will make him have no advantages over others in this competing society.
In my opinion, I don't believe prive tutoring is a good choice, looking back into the history, only by studying oneself can a individual make a real breakthrough, both in his career and civilization. And all that is my point of view.

<start>Nowadays, the phenomenon that parents hire a private tutor for their children is common. They should be understood, for they just don't want us to fail at the beginning.
As for it's advantages, there is no doubt that what the teacher said will be well comprehened by the child with the help of the tutor, at the same time, chances are that they'll get good grads and gain a good remark. Not only study, they can also learn something that can't be learned from their school teachers.
Unluckily, they will lose their free time, and it will be difficult, even impossible for them to relive themselves. Moreover, there is too much pressure and they'll be bored.
 As far as I'm concerned, a tutor can be hired, after all, knowing more about the world as well as their study is not a bad thing. What's more, they're sure to feel it easier to adapt their future lives.

<start>There are more and more parents thingking that the private tutoring is good for their children's study and doing it.
Everything has two sides. The private tutoring may help students study easily and know the knowledge well. Students will make a progress with the help of the private tutoring. But in the other hand, not all the students benefit from the private tutoring. Maybe the private tutoring is not useful for their study, what's worse, it may make they feel more boring with study. In addition to, it takes more time to do it.
In my opinion, the parents should firstly ask their children's opinion. If they like the private tutoring, it will pay off. Don't urge children to do that.

<start>Nowadays, it is popular for the parents to fure a private tutor for their children to help the kids to do the school work. Most people who take on this work are college school students.
There are some advantages of having a private tutor. We can learn knowledge at home. If there are some problem that we don't  solve at school , we can ask the tutor and the tutor can throw light upon their opinion and find our mistakes. But some parents don't think it's a good idea to have a private tutor. They think it's bad for students' independent thinking ablity. They think students should solve the problem by their own and don't depend on the tutor.
In my opinion, I think it's good to have a private tutor. But we should tell the tutor not to do everything for the children. The tutor can discuss with the children and lead them to find the anwser.

<start>As we all know, many parents get help from home teathers to teach their children alone now. But this is not every parent can do. At the same time, there're advantages and disadvantages for this.
It's normal that one teacher's teaching one student can help the student understand what he learn better. And it's good to the students who can't get what teachers say in class well. After class, these students can go home and study at home with a his own teacher.
But there's disadvantages, too. First, it's not fair. As to some poor students, their parents can't afford a teacher. What's more, those who have their own teachers would not study by heart in class. In return, this will cost them much time to spend after class. So there would be little time lift to allow them to play.
In my opinion, private tutoring do harm to children. Parents should leave more time to their childre to develop themselves. And this can make them better understand what they will contribute to.

<start>It is very important to get great grads in most of parents, because good grades mean good universties, and good universities mean good jobs, then good jobs mean good life styles. This thought is always right in china at the moment.
So private tutoring is necessary in parents' idea that the more expensive it is, the better the teacher is. Many children can't relax themselves on vocation because of private tutoring.
There is not doubt that it can improve the grades of their children. But children need freedom. They need to relax and enjoy themselves. Above all they are children. They need a vivid and cocorful childhood.
Private tutoring may make children not take interest in study. Why not give children some time to have a rest, then let them study hard by themselves.

<start>It is universally acknowledged that house-teaching is becoming more and more ordinary. I can't help doubting that if the education quality is falling down with developing information and technology.
Generally speaking, on the beneficial hand, it is ture that house-teaching makes great contributions on children's study. And it not only helps them make all the problems clear, but also provides a partent in loning study, which gives the children encouragement to explore. But on the opposite hand, once the house-teacher is employed, the chirdren depend most on them, instead of thinking by themselves. The result of children on all kinds of areas.
As far as I am concerned, above all it is necessary to bring up the ability to think a problem by oneself. This is the basis to work out all the problems. However, I can not doubt  that some students do need a partner to study with them, which is accepted in the modern education system.
In a word, creativity is first to be considerate. Everything can be provided to make one people ideal. House-teaching is not exceptional.

<start>It's more and more common of private tutoring of late. Many teachers teach student at weekends but not for free.
Some people think it's an excellent way to make students acquire more knowledge. Some students think the studies in school is so easy, they would be idle in the weedends. But now they can have private tutoring and learn more and more. Meanwhile, some student can't understand all teachers had taught in the school and they need someone help him in study. They can sacrifice the weedends to study by a private tutor.
There're also disadvantages of private tutoring. Some teachers give an ostensible teach in school. Apparently, they teach the important knowledge in weekends. More and more students have to spend a lot of money in weedends for private tutoring. More and more symptoms reveal that the teacher have a great deal of extra income. Some students think that studies in school is not important because they can get all they need in weedends for private tutoring.
I think the private tutoring is a good way to learn more but some immoral teachers change the essence. School should ban that the teacher teach the students in their classes at weedends for private tutoring, they should only be the private tutoring of student they don't teach in the school.

<start>Nowadays, people's life are better than before. More and more people choose a new way to improve their children's achievement, and this new way is called Private Tutoring.
It's very popular now to employ a private teacher to make an one-to-one teaching, parents often thinks that this way can help their children sufficiently acquire more knowledges, and their children will be treated better than at school, their problems can be solved immediately by their private teacher. These are the benefits.
But there are also a lot of problems about Private Tutoring. First, the security has to be worried about. Second, the level of the private teachers needs to be doublt, , whether they can teach the truth or not is still a problem.
My opinion is that Private Tutoring is really a good way to improve your children's achievement, but you need to take care of the safety and the ability of the teacher. If you have made sure of those. I think you have made a right choice.

<start>It is a common thing in china that a home-teacher is invited to teach a child by its parents. And it brings a heated topic whether it is good to invite a home-teacher for a child. Here is some information.
A child may benefit from the advantage that he can study much better with the help of the home-teacher, and also he can improve his studies. But the disadvantages seems much more. First, inviting a home-teacher costs the family a lot of money. Second, with the help of the home-teacher, the child may think that he needn't study hard in class. The home-teacher can help him. Last but not least, it may lead to a bad circle.
In my opinion, inviting a teacher isn't a good thing. What matters most to the child is whether he can study hard in class and after class other than whether a home-teacher  can help him. Gold helps these who help themselves.

<start>As we all know, private tutoring for children is a very common thing. But do you know why it is so common? Is it a good thing or bad thing?
Now, education has already been common in cities. And they population is more and more. So the jobs are not always availible. More and more people aware of the education's importance. To make their children study good, they private tutor. But there are also disadvantages. First, children will have more stress. Second, children will have less time to rest, to go outside, and to think by themselves.
In my opinion, private tutoring is a bad thing. Children can study better without privating tutor.

<start>It is common to have a private tutoring teacher for many children. But about this, there are different views. And private tutoring has its advantages and disadvantage.
The disadvages of private tutoring is it can make children understand more clearly. And it also can provide a good chance for those children who already finish their home work to learn more they're intreseed in. In the meantime, it is also a chance for our college students to train ourselves.
But there are also many disadvantages for private tutoring. Private tutoring will make children have more stress. And make some children don't want to go to school. They only like to have a private tutoring teacher and stay at home. Also it will bring more stress for their parents.
This is my views of private tutoring.

<start>Private Tutoring is a kind of teacher who teacher seldom students in the students' house.
Nowadays the pression of study and exam is very heavy, so there are many parents find private. Tutoring to teach their children. But is it benefit for students? Let me analyse.
The positive aspect of finding a private tutoring. Abviously, the private tutoring can solve problem for students. And they can make students study more eddictively. He can make students give higher mark.
The negative aspect of finding a private tutoring. Firstly, it will cost much time for studying at home instead of playing, doing execises, reading newsparpers and so on. So it may be harmful to children's health. Secondly, some student may be not working hard at school. In class, he will thinking about some other things, then when he get home, he will lost the capacity, which to solve problem by himself. Without private tutoring, he cannot do anything. It is the result of calling a private tutoring.

<start>Hiring a home teacher has become more and more common in recent years. Does it really do good? The view vary from people to people.
Some people thinks hiring a home teacher can be helpful to their children's study. As it's well known, hiring a home teacher can be convenient to children. And a home teacher will also be more patient to students.
But others think it is a waste to hire a home teacher. And they think doing like that will wipe students' independence out. They think school's education is enough, there is no need to hire a home teacher particularly.
In my opnion, hiring a home teacher is unnecessary. our world is developing rapidly, what we need most is the initiativeness and the method to gain knowledge. They are so many new things every day, how can we learn all of them? The only way which can help us keep in touch with the time is grasping  the method to gather knowledge. So I don't think it is useful to hire a home teacher.

<start>Today, there are so many parents employee home teachers in china. That home teachers become more and more is because students have so much homework that can't finish by themselves.
The home teachers can make students study hard and they can help students solve some problems that too difficult to do. And they can let parents know more about students' condition. But we can't only rely on the home teachers. Students should have a habit that study by themselves. They can't always depend on others. And the home teachers is not good at the independence on students. We should realize the problem of why home teachers need too many. And the students' homework should release. 
In my opinion, I don't agree the way to make home teachers help students study. This is no good influence to students' study habit. And I think parents should teach students study independent and don't make student do too much homework.

<start>Now, it's a common phenomenon to ask a teacher to help children with their study at home. Most students once study at home with teachers . Besides, many teachers earn more money by this way.
Of course, it's meanful for students to ask a teacher at home. When he can't understand what his teachers said in class, he can solve it at home and absare much more knowledge. However, students must learn to deal with problem independently. If he don't think by himself and always ask teachers, he way know less about his study.
As far as I'm concerned, students can learn by themselves. It's not necessary for them to ask a teacher at home. When they find something that they can't understand, they can refer to the dictionary. They can search on the Internet and so on. Every effort will count.

<start>Nowdays, it's very common for parents to pay for a home teacher to teach their children at home. Some of them are expensive, others are not. The parents think it is a good way to inprove their children's study.
As it's a common thing, of course, it has it's advantages. Some home teachers are really good at teaching. They make their students improve a lot. That's good for the parents, too. But in fact, this way of learning is really not useful most of the time. Most of the home teachers are not so good at teaching. They don't make the children improve a lot, but just wasting time. And the cost of home teachers is another problem. Some of them are really expensive. Even the teachers are good and cost is acceptable, it's also not good for children to learn after school. It's enough for them to learn at school. Home education will only harder their study pressure. That's not good for study and body. The result will not be that wonderful. After a whole day's study children are tired, it's useless for them to study more. So most of the families do a wrong decision to pay for home teachers.
In my mind, I think it's not good for parents to pay for home teachers. It's a waste of money and time. I don't get any home teachers and I will never want one in the future. Work hard at school, it's enough for you to be a good student.

<start>Now, more and more parents anticipate their children studying well. They can do nothing but to send for the familly teacher.
The familly teacher can find the children's problems in study. And then it can lead the children to use a good solution to solve it. Besides, the familly teacher can anwer the students' question in study as soon as possible, which can save times. This can improve the children's study. What's more, the children can learn some study experience from the familly teacher, so they can use it to their study. And they can improve their study quickly in this way. That's the benefit for sending for familly teacher.
However, when the familly teacher coming, the children will rely on the familly teacher and they don't solve problems independently. In this way, the familly teacher's appearing  will release the children's study capacity.

<start>Private Tutoring is a very common phenomen in present society. It is easy to understand why. The reason is that parents hopes their children can get more skill and abilities so that when them grow up, they may have more space to develop and have more opportunities than others to gain a well-paid job and a better life.
Everything has two sides. And private tutoring is in no exception. On one hand, it is really make children achieve more capicities and expand their living space. It also brings some pleasare to kids from time to time. On the other hand, however, kids have less free time because of this. And they may don't have interests in the lessons and can't be absorbed in what the tutors teach. What's more, they are shaped what their parents want them to be. It may be different from their own dreams. Also, it gives parents more burden and it's not fair to the poor whose children can't get it.
Personally, it has more positive effects than negative effects.

<start>As the education attract lots of parents' attention, they try to find the way to improve their children's study. Private tutoring, of course, is one of ways.
   The advantage of private tutoring is clearly, teacher can make teaching plan only for your children, teach them where they don't understood in school. To some children who can't control themselves well-like doing something else and don't listen in class-it's a good way to make them study.
However, private tutoring will cool parents lots of money and some tutors like college students don't have enough experience to teach. So the result is not always statisted.
So, in my opinion, private tutoring is not a good way to study. As long as we listen careful in class, and do you homework on time. Even if there's something you don't understand, we can still ask our teachers or classmates. We don't need to ask for a private tutor. After all, it will save a big pay.

<start>The issue of whether or not find a home teacher has been in the lime light and has aroused wide concern in the public. People rarely reach a absolute consensus on this controversial issue.
Some people who are faver of it argue that home teachers can make students study good and strengh then the knowledge points in class. And they think, from this, those who study bad can grow confidence and wouldn't be boring on study.
But others who deny it argue that it is not good to find a home teacher. They think it will make student grow such bad habits that they will rely teachers and they will not think the solution of problems by themselves. It's so bad that our society with loss the imovacation and can not develop sharply.
In my opinion, every coin has two sides. To find a home teacher is benefitful to the students who study bad. But it's bad for those who can study good by themselves. So I think whether or not find a home teacher, it depends.

<start>As my observations for years, having a teacher for children at home is more and more popular in china. People have different opinions on this phenomenon.
People in favor of it says teacher at home can help children make a good papers, besides, it provides many job opportunities, which is good for solute the biggest problem in china. While others have another ideas. The most important thing for a child is not grade but his or her interest. More and more teachers take up almost all their spave time. It is very harmful to a child.
In my opinion. This phenomenon has more weakness than strong points. After all, a childhood without many time to have entertainment is not good for a people.

<start>Nowadays, many parents employ house-teacher to improve their children's study. But, there are many advantage and disadvanlage to their children.
Above all, the benefits study employing a house-teacher is parantly. The children's study will improved and their scores also will go up. Maybe, they could also learn some more knowledge that can't acquired in class. Also, there are also some bad things of employing a house-teacher. Some children were not willing to spent more time to study after class with the help of a house-teacher. And their entertainment time will decrease. This unwilling study will decrease their interest of study. It may be halm for their study.
In my opinion, whether employing a house-teacher, should be desided by children, not their porants. And then, not only it can improve children's study but also children's interest to study will not decrease.

<start>In modern time, the private tutoring is very popular. Many parents think the private tutoring would help their children improve their grades. So the private tutoring become more and more popular. But for this thing, people have two different points.
Many people agree with this behave. They think the studying in school is not enough. Students should spend a lot of time studying and improving their skills when they are in holiday and weekends. So the private tutoring is very necessary. Because they can help children in their study and other things. So they agree with this points.
However, other people don't agree with this points. They think students should have much time to relax and play. They think playing is very important for students. They can help students study well. So they think the private tutoring is not necessary. They disagree with this point.
In my opinion, I think the private tutoring is necessary. Because in modern time, knowledge is very important. I need to study hard and improve my many kinds of skills. So the private tutoring become more and more necessary and important. So I agree with it.
These are my opinions. I hope get a good grade . Thank you!

<start>As modern life develops education plays a more and more important role in social life. And now , private tutoring is more popular than ever.
Children, especially the school children are let to accept  better knowledge. Their parents try everything to help the children better educated. To do these, they go for the private tutor teachers. Some even won't ask for the children's idea. I think this private tutoring won't help but might led to a bad result. Just like
.

<start>These days parents show more attentions on the intellectucd development, as technology and science play a role of more importance in our evolving society. In order to provide their children with more advantaged circumstance to learn, parents tend to call a private tutor for their children.
Private tutoring helps children get knowledge,  children can ask some questions that they didn't understand during the classes in school. Besides, private tutoring may give students a good score, and let students feel less stress.
On the other hand, students may be used to ask the private tutor for help, yet don't concentrate on their classes in school. And private tutor can mislead their students for they are not formal teachers and are probably to make more mistakes. 
In my opinion. I don't think it is good to do it. When you used to a private tutor, you may not want to work by yourself. It will trouble a lot when you can't get a private tutor.

<start>As society developing fast, it is common to lock for a home teacher for parents, in order to make their children have a good life in the future. But this has both advantages and disadvantages.
The study of children on school is heavy. They may not understand what they learn well. Then they can master the spot they didn't understand in school with the help of home teachers. Besides, they can learn the way of learning from their home teachers. That's good. But communication is importand in our society. Talking about the misunderstanding with classmates and teachers is a good opportunity to have a good communication and thinging by ourselves is importand too.
I think students should talk with their classmates and teachers. Parents should respect children's necessary to decide whether to have home teachers.

<start>A popular of hiring a family teacher have done currently. Almost every parents would hire a family teacher for their children. Let's discuss the pros and cons.
Family teachers for students is a very embarrassed problem. There're too much pressure on the students nowadays. Almost all the students don't like the family teachers. They make the students lack of exercise.
On the other hand, family teacher as a job, solves a large society jobs. Some people work as family teacher. and they don't need to find other jobs, for society, teacher is a kind of positive factor.
For me, I hate this job as a student, but as a person in society. I love it, I can make some extra-income. From this. Above all, it's still a problem to understand.

<start>Nowadays, the people's life become better and better, people don't need worry about their living. We have a peaceful environment to go to school, to learn knowledge, some parents often worry about their childrend's future, and pay more attention on their study, so privat  tutoring become the best method which parents can help their children learning very well. And now it is very common in many family and many student have that experience.
Private tutoring has its benefits and also has some objective effects. Because private tutoring makes student too hard  to learn so much knowledge, student getting tirer and tired, they have no time to relax, to play football, basketball,  Above all, that will do harm to their health. Of course, if we really have some difficulties in study, and our parents can do some help to us, so private tutoring is really a good way to help us dealing with that problem, you can tell your private tutoring teacher what you don't good at, that your teacher will teacher you only in this aspect, you will make good progress in a short period. 
In my oppion, private tutoring is also good or bad, if you really have the need to have private tutoring, you can do it. But, if you have the ability to solve it by youself. You can do if it by your own mind.

<start>Now, it is very population to employ a house teacher for child by parents in china. Do you think a house teacher is very important for child? I don't think so.
Although the house teacher can teach the child after school, it can't replace the learning time in school. If the parents employ a house teacher, the child will think he can learn all the knowledge at home and doesn't study hardly in the school.
Secondly, the house teacher are almost some university student, they can't know all the thing about high school's student. Compared with the teacher in the school, they can't have much time in the student. So, I think employing a house teacher for child is not good, isn't it?

<start>1. Now, it's easy to find house teachers for children. Because the society is changing. By the ecnomy up, many teachers are glad to grasp the chance like this to earn money.
2. Asking teachers to teach children are good for students to absorb the knowledge. On the other hand, it limited the connections with other children. So it will down the children's interests of studying. This is what I caned. It's not the question that not only the teacher spend more energy but also the student received as much as the teachers teached.
3. In my opinion, both of them have advantage and disadvantages. In order to find a better way. House teacher can be used and the students who are educated should be more. In this way, children will study happily with each other.

<start>Recently the phemenon of inviting a home teacher for the children has been brought into focus, and it has aroused the great concern among the people.
Some think it is good for the children, a very important point is that it can help students learn thing quickly and study well so that the student will have a high goal in the exam. But other people have a different attitude. They think it will prevent the student from learning things by themselves, even the children will fail to think question by themselves. That seems terrible.
In my opinion, I think people have better not to invite the home teacher. The good case in point is people should let their children learning knowledges by themselves even from easy to hard. Then they will have their own thinks and wisdoms. It is clear that it is important to have a habit of thinking independently.

<start>As we all know, more and more parents are lieable to invite private tutors to help their children study. There are different opinions on this phenomenon as well.
Some of people may think that private tutoring is a good way to help students make great progress in study, because tutors can teach the students how to study and lead the students to study more easily. While this is as well as anything else, there are also many people who opposite private tutoring. In their opinion, study is a thing that students must find a way that belongs to themselves. Students should pay more attention to how to learn effectively other than to follow others' way. Only in this way, can students improve their capacity of study. What's more, students should find the right way to study by themselves.
I also have something to say on this phenomenon. I hold the opinion that students don't have to follow private tutor's learning method. We can and must develop a good habit of study independently. As is known to many people, education is a way to help children have a good knowledge of the world arould us. And this means that we should be independent so that we can make ourselves apply to the society more rapidly.

<start>Recently, many students are talking about home-teacher, they think it's a good job to earn some money. I think so.
In our country, many parents are willing their child to be No.1 in school, so they think about many ways to help their child's study, of couse they will find a home-teacher. they think a home teacher can solve the problem that school can't do. The teacher will teach their child with pacient. The teacher will be one of the important people for thire child. But in fact, things not as easy as they think. On one hand, the teacher can teach child almost all problems that he should study, and the teacher will help he to go to a good univercity . On the other hand, child will always lose their mind , when they meet problems they will think "take it easy. I have a key in home." The teacher just teach them how to get answer. Parents should tell their child to study not to learn. In my opinion, I think if child is like to study something but parents doesn't  know , they should get a home teacher to study with their child. Home teacher should be the friend of child, they can study together, argue about different idea, and play together.
In one word, every thing has the reason why it still living, don't forget thinking before doing.

<start>Now, with the education is more and more important many parents spend money searching home teachers. In order to imprace their children's study, no matter how much money they will pay.
However, searching for home teachers has both advantages and disadvantages. On the one hand, home teachers can make their children's study rise. Besides, home teachers can concentrate on students' weak lessons and try their best to help them. But then, on the other hand, home teacher is very expensive. Most families don't have the ability to pay for it what's more, some home teachers don't have enough ability to teach students well. And some home teachers won't try their best to teach students, they only want to earn money. However, parents cannot diatinguish whether this home teacher is great or bad.
In my opinion, parents should search for home teachers. Because if students take lessons carefully, they won't have many question. Besiedes, those questions that they don't understand can be solved if they ask for their classmates or teachers. What's more, parents can buy several great books to associate students study. Thus is enough to make students' study great. Above all, I think home teacher is not necessary for students' study.

<start>In order to make children get a high grade, nowadays. It's very popular for parents to find a Private tutoring to their children. There are something bad and something good for this.
The point tutoring can help a child with his homework and something he don't understand in the class, it is very help, but on the contray, does it means that there is some students don't listen carefully in their class and only think that he or she can ask a privat tutoring for help? It is not a good things for both teachers and students. Is it? And we can find it is very expensive to find a private tutoring. Some family can't afford such high expense. It's also give those poor family a big struck! And as far as I know, most students can study hard with a private tutoring but when they get on well with each other they would become good friends and talk with each other in the teaching time. It's not good for student's study.
In my oppnion, private tutoring is not necessary, all we should do is to listen carefully in the class and try to do the homework on time, and of course, good study habits are also important. Always try our best and we can get our succeed. Sometimes we would get some different problems. We can ask teachers or classmates for help, comunication with our classmates is also a important way to our study! Now, we can see that a private tutoring is not a necessary part for our study, we should rely on ourselves and believe that we can do it well! 

<start>According to an investigation conducted by a certain national association in recent years, it's very popular to employ a private tutoring. Now people is in two minds about whether we should to employ a private tutoring or not. Apparently, there are advantages and disadvantages. There are some of my points.
Teachers in school is of a great importance than what the most of us can image. If we can learn knowledges and follow our teacher, it's no necessary for us to employ another one. However, many of us cannot follow our teachers forever, sometimes they'll feel something is too hard to understand, and the teacher have not enough time to solve your questions. Maybe it's time to employ a private tutoring. They can lead you step by step to make it clear, and if you have new questions after it, you can ask this private tutoring because you are face to face. What's more, private tutoring can help you to review the knowledges you has ever learned. It's of a good use.
But if you feel that the private tutoring can solve all of your questions and homework, and you always ask them to answer it, it'll do humful for you. You can not think by yourself with time going by. There is no consensus among people about this problem.
If you can learn by yourself, I think it's better to solve problems with classmates and yourself, not your private tutoring.

<start>The house teacher is more than more much student's father and mother help their children find a teacher in a home teach student.
Teacher in the home teach student is a good idea, but teacher in the home teach student have some bad. In the home, children can ask himself doesn't consider some question, and other question. The bad for children in school can't listen the teacher because they think in the have other teacher. if in class not unders, they can go home ask teacher, the other, at after class student have any sport time, but have teacher they don't have sport time.
I think don't give student a house teacher. in school, they can study more knowledge, after class, they need sport and they can themselves study.

<start>Today, inviting a home teacher is a wide phenomenon in China. Many parents hope that home teacher can help their children make good grade.
On one hand, home teacher can give students more patient and chance to understand the knowledge. A survey suggests that some students are afraid of to ask the teacher in the classroom. So they want to find a teacher who can teach them in their own home.
But on the other hand, inviting home teachers takes parents much money. And some students will lose the ability of studying by themselves.
What makes me surprised is that many students that find home teachers cannot study well. In my opinion, study is very important for us. And it is the matter of ourselves. If we work hard at home and listen to the teacher carefully in class, we would get good grades. Not only does parents spend much money for us, but also we waste some time. So, I hope every student can study hard by himself.
Even our schools are are where we send our children to get a practiall education not to pursue knowledge for the sake of knowledge. But there is no doube that school is the best place for us to study. So don't find the home teacher, you should spend your more time in class.

<start>Nowadays, It is very commond that Chinese parents emplore a private teacher to help their children on their study. According to some studies, the students who has a private teacher process a proportion of 60%.
Private tutoring has many positive effect on student's study. First, the private teacher can help student deal with the truble which he encounters during his study. The private teacher can also help the students to pull himself together from the fail test by teaching him some ways to get a good mark. What smore, the private teacher can help the students make their own study plans.
But there are also some disavandage. It can make the students more depent on the help of private teacher, and pin particular become more and more weakly in thinking by himself.
In my oppion, private tutoring can let students study more after school. It is also a effective way to solve the study trouble.

<start>Today, many parents interview house-teachers for their children. And the argument about the benefit and harm of this thing is around people.
In my opion, the benefit of interviewing a house-teacher for children is that this can make children have more time to study and solve the problem they meet in class. And this could be particular to our children so kids can learn more knowledge that they cannot learn from school. 
Of course, there are also harms of interviewing a house-teacher for children. This will occur the play time and our kids will not have enough time play with friends and exercise. So this earn be harmful to children's health and it might make kids no happy in their childhood.
Above all, I think this is not suit every students and the important thing is that our children should study hard in school instead of interviewing house-teacher.

<start>Nowadays, private tutoring is on ordinary phenomenon in our society. As a result, it arouse fierce debate of over the advantages as well as the disadvantages of Private Tutoring.
Some argue that Private Tutoring did give lots of help to their children's study. They think their children can master the knowledge well enough in school. So in order to let their children do the same as those so-called top students, it's quite necessary to find a tutor to teach their children one more time.
While others hold the view that Private Tutoring is a waste of time and money.
As far as I'm comcired. I thing the advantages of Private Turtoring. Out weight it disadvantages for the following reasons,firstly, most students can't most the knowledge well enough. Secondly, Private Turtoring can make full use of the part time.

<start>Nowdays, the society is full of fierce competation. Everyone wants to take advantage in the competation. It makes no exception when it comes to their children's education.
As we can see, it's popular with families to employ a tutor for  children. They think private tutoring can let their children receive more guidance and help. Besides. The children will be forced to make full use of the free time, not addicated to computer games any more. However, others are not for their opinion. As far as their  concerned, private tutoring takes up too much time. The children are not allowed to do what they are interested in. how  harmful it is to their balanced development!
In my opinion, every coin has two sides. The controversy is not useful to improve children's study . It should be decided by the children themselves whether to employ a tutor or not. Otherwise, it's a waste of time and money.

<start>It is very common for students nowadays to call for teachers to teach  at home. The cost is usually higher than that in school. But it becomes quite popular.
The advantage of it may be that it allows teachers to teach students face to face. It's better for the student to concentrate on the class . On the other hand, however, the disadvantage may just be that it cause  the everyday  school courses seems,  useless. The courses at school seems  boiled  and students will soon lose interest on  them. So,  does that deserve ?
In my opinion, it is proper for the  students to study after class. Calling for help on his lessons doesn't harm . But one should not depend on it. The everyday  classes at school are more important. To get knowledge in the classroom  is more efficient, not at home.
That's all.

<start>There  is a widespread phenomenon that many parents hire tutor  for their children. The reason maybe the parents' expectation and the students' heavy task . As a social phenomenon, therefore, it contains advantages and brings about disadvantages.
What is the most important advantage is that tutor promote  the enthusiastic  of studying. Tutors, as a new profession, solve many problems which confused  students. Also, students maybe make progress after tutor's leading . However, there are some disadvantages about tutor . Private tutor  would increase the cost of family, and it would increase the depress  on students. What's more, tutor  would make students idle, and rely on tutor . Finally, some tutors are not good at teaching,  they would mislead the students.
From my point of view, it's no necessary  to hire tutor. As a student, we should learn to study new things on our own. I think that the knowledge we learned  from school is enough to take part in exam . We shouldn't spent  money on tutor , which is very expensive. Furthermore, students should have more private time,  we also have something to do.

<start>Now, it's common for families to have private teacher  for children . With the increase of study press  and difficulty of the lessons students learn, more and more parents call in private teacher  to teach or help their children to learn, although it really cost  a lot of money as well as time. 
Some people say it's necessary for students to have private tutoring. They need to learn more time  and more things to get higher scores, which is most important in most schools. Private teachers can help students depends  on their traits, so private tutoring has a better effecton  study.
Others say private tutoring make  students tired and sad. It takes their much  time to play with friends or enjoy their childhood which is so short and precious. Maybe they have a high score, but at the same time, they don't feel happy.
I think it's not necessary to have a private teacher for a child when he she  is in  a young age. In their childhood, please let them study and play by themselves and cultivate their ability  to explore by themselves. When they are in high school, maybe they need private tutoring to get a high score to get into a better university.

<start>Recently, it's in common  to see that parents employ tutors for their childs , for NMET in senior school, for Olympic contests in junior school, even for future study in primary school. As the one-child policy goes , parents pay more attention to   education to  their children than any other time  in history  periods in china.
Some people votes  for this phenomenon, for private tutoring mating children more concerned about learning , private tutors have more responsibility to their students , and some students who cannot adapt in full-class way of education can try another way to study. Being paid more money, private tutors offer more time to teach students so students can digest well .
But others don't think so. Private tutoring coots  money, sometimes it even costs three to four times than the common school tutoring . It burdens the parents  and may not ensure the outcome. In modern times, self-study is more and more important, and     the  private tutoring declines  the activity of self-study. Furthermore, one people  can't be adjused  well  for common tutoring may not be adapt to sociaty  in the future .
In my opinion, finding a way suiting oneself  is the most important. If you like private tutoring, just go for it. For myself, I like self-study. So studying in my own place is my way to study, and common school tutoring is preferance  for me. The Private Tutoring  is a  ordinary phenomenon in china, so we should not to be too tense to it .

<start>With the development of education, finding a private teacher for children has become to be  a preffy  common phenomenon.
Private tutoring is increasing in the  education in these days . And private tutoring has become to be  a focus . Inviting a teacher privately has both advantages and disadvantages, just like a coin with two sides. On the one hand, if students study with a private teacher, there will be a good atmosphere for studying . And they can solve the difficult questions directly without any tough blocks. But on the other hand , the private teacher may not really well in some knowledge . And some private teachers may have good relationship with the students and chat with with  them. The studying is not effective.
In my opinion, the study should be tackled by the students own . We can go to school to ask help to our own teacher . we should study on our own, developing the skill  of learning and coping with the problems.

<start>In this day and age , a growing number of parents attach greater importance to their children's study than ever before , hoping that their children can find a good job in the future. Thus, private tutoring is becoming a common phenomenon, which also gives rise to a heated discussion.
 Every coin has two sides and there is no exception for private tutoring. As a sort of further study after-class, private tutoring is, to some extent, good for students' learning. It can help them review what has been learnt in school and enhance their ability by doing exercise. However, it also has some disadvantages, an important one of which is that it makes the student have less time to do what he or she enjoys.
 In  my perspective, I believe that  it's all depend on  the students themselves. If they really need private tutoring and are willing to learn more, they could choose the  private tutoring. But is  they don't like it, then I think it's unnecessarily  for them to take private tutoring.

<start>With the improving  of the living level , more and more parents are likely to give the  private Tutoring  to their children. Some teach their children on their own, but the much more  parents arrange the teachers  to help their children in studies.
As far as the children concerned , with the help of private tutoring, they will be easier  to make a progress in their studies. If they have any problems in studies, it is very convenient for them to turn to the private teachers for help. On the other hand, the parents will be less worried about the studies of their kids. They can get rid of the problems the children asked them for help, so they will feel more comfortable.
However, private tutoring will cost the parents much money. The more skilled the private teachers are, the more they will pay for . It will become a large  burden on the parents' shoulders. What's more, the children will become less independent I  their studies. They'll play at  the class and turn to private teachers after class. Which  is the  waste of time. It does have a great harmful effect on the children. In the long term , it will do harm to the development of the children. 
In my opinion, the  private tutoring is not necessary. Unless the children do have problems in them  studies, the parents shouldn't arrange the  private tutoring. Parents should faster the self-reliance of the children as well as the  study skills. At some time the former will be more important.

<start>Now, many parents employ family teachers to teach their children and help their children study well. Especially in china, it can be seen everywhere.
Parents ask family teachers is to help their children , because they love their children, and want their children can study well , get a good grade and finally get a good job. After all, they want their children can live happily in the future .
So the order is good . Also, we have to admit that family teacher  can always give the students some help and give more oppotunuities for   people who what to get job .
But in the other hand , if all the students can get the family teachers' help, they may think the study in school is not important, which is bad for them.
Also, some teachers in school find they can get more money to be a family teacher. so there are some teachers who don't teach students well to make parents ask them to be family teachers . And it will strong  the stress on the parents.
I think children and parents should put the important point on the school  and asking  family teacher is necessary sometimes. Only this can make children study well .

<start>The past few years have witnessed the boom of the  private tutoring. You can see parents employ private teachers for their children wherever you go.
Of course, employing a private teachers  can benefit their children a lot  because a teacher can teach their child  how to attack  a problem in details  and broaden his understanding of knowledge . However, it also can bring some negative effects. For instance, it may make the family finance worse  if the family is not very wealthy. What's more, it can make children  lazy in mind and wear down their ability to think independently.
In my opinion, mastering the knowledge in class is the most important thing. One should confront a problem along if he wants to be excellent ultimately.

<start>It's universally acknowledged that education plays a  important role in our nation's building. A better education can,  "make you from a log cabin to white house." As a result, employing a private tutor become  every parent's choice.
There are different attitude  toward this assue . Some people are in favor of the practice,  they think it can contribute to child's study a lot, especially those  who can't study well in the class , besides, a lot of tutors are college students. Being a tutor can enrich their experiences and make extra to support themselves .
Others take negative attitude to this practice. They argue that children should have given  more time to relax. To  much homework and tutoring will do no good to children's healthy growth. It's harmful to their mental health.
From my point of view. I'm favor of "Private Tutor" . Education enjoys first priority in our lives,  private tutoring can make us study better and make us enjoy a better live  in the future.

<start>Nowadays, it's common to see parents look for  teacher to help their children with their study in private time. But does it do well  to students' study?
Every coins have to sides . On the one hand, private tutoring give  more time for  student  to study. So that they can make more progress. What's more, it can also limit their time to do other bad things. On the other hand, too much time let student become bored with study and even hate to study .
As far as I'm concerned, student  need more time to think and to release their pressure. What they need is a happy life rather than endless study. In school, they study out of school, you also want them to study . But when do you want them to think to enjoy themselves . In order to grow up in a healthy way they need not only knowledge but also thoughts. If you clean up all the thought of a child how can you expect him or her to achieve his or her own dream.
Given them  more free time and they will return you a surprise.

<start>Nowdays , to help children get good grades , the phenomenon that parents help their kids arrange a private tutoring is very normal.
About this thing , there are some advantages. For instance, this  can help kids comprehend the knowledge taught in class better. And it help  kids overcome some difficuties  and grasp more difficult questions . But there are also some disadvantages. Such as this  maybe limit  the capacity that kids learn by themselves. And they my  always depends  on private tutoring and it's not good for their development in the future.
So I think, if kids can't overcome some difficulties in the class, they may should  turn to private tutoring. Alse , they should learn by themselves.

<start>As we all know, it is very common for parents to hunt for a tutor to help their children study especially when their kids don't do well in school.
As a coin has two sides, it has some advantage , also some disadvantages. On the one hand, parents want to make their children become excellent. Thus they will be happy if their children can make great progress, which is good for family harmony. Then, as some tutors are students who want to earn money by themselves instead of asking for their parents . This is a good chance for them, which also helps relieve her/him of financial burden . On the other hand, if a child don't  have interest in studying, studying too much makes him tired, which he may quarrel with his parents . It is too bad. Also, as college courses are quite hard especially in USTC, being a tutor will waste him much time, which is bad for his own study.
As far as I am concerned, I prefer to be a tutor, because I can relieve my parents of financial barden . And I will shorten my pleasure time and study.

<start>In recent years, as the pressure of education. Is  increasing, it's much more common for parents to send for a private tutor to make their children's grade a high level .
Of course, a private tutor can do help students spend more time on study, can also  help students review or learn what they don't understand in school. Maybe it's a  effective method. What's more, a private tutor only teach  a student once a time. As a result, the students can be more likely to focus what they are learning .
However, there still  are some unexpected disadvantages for  private tutoring. Some private tutors may only aim to make more money. Therefore, they may not teach what the students really need. And then, private tutoring turns out to be a total waste of time and money, which is what parents don't want to face.
As far as I am concemed , parents are supposed to think of the situations  carefully. They are supposed to learn about what their children really need and in which term their children fall behind with  other students. Only in this way, can parents make the  comect  choices. After all, not every student needs a private tutor.

<start>It's a common phenomenon that parents employ tutors for their children, as we can find many advertisements about it.
They employ private tutors may make their children's grades increase , and the children can learn more. But it also has disadvantages. Firstly, some private tutors don't concentrate on teaching, while they just make living . Second , the  private tutors will reduce the chances, that  your children can think over by themselves, of kids . And to employ a private tutor may cost you a lot.
As far as I'm concerned, children should think by themselves. That is a very good way to become wiser. And to give fish is worse than give you a method to catch fish . So if you have to employ a tutor, try to employ a tutor who can help your children to think independently, and teach your children knowledge  and method not the key to the question .
So, employing a tutor has advantages and disadvantages. It's up to your choice . Please choice  an  tutor who is earnest and full of duty sense  to help your children. Of course, the best way is make  the children think by themselves.

<start>Education is one of the most important things in human been's  life, men starts  to be educated when child , and it is the period be needs a special treatement . Therefore it is important and benefit  to give Private  tutorial  for  children, we all know that education starts at home, but Parents  are frequently busy and they can't always Pay  attention on  their children concerning their education or studies. There for  we can say that Parents  should think seriously about how important Private  tutorial  for children is, and benefit for their future , man  educated will for sure contribute for  a better and healthy society.

<start>These days, it ordinary  to see parents also  for teachers to teach their children at home. And sometimes they even ask for several teachers.
There are both advantages and disadvantages to ask for teacher . On the one hand, the teacher can teach the student face to face, and if the student have   questions, he or she can ask at once. Besides, the teacher can teach the student in a special way according to the condition of the student, so he or she can study better and more effective . On the other hand, there is also something bad. For example, the student will depend on the teacher after a long time. And they  will lose the ability to study  himself or herself. Besides, there is a  extra spending  that is not small for the parents.
In my opinion, if we can lose ourselves,  in class to listen to teachers at school, we can surely study well. So we don't have the need to ask for teachers to teach only ourselves . But if we have a class or two that we don't study well, we can also ask for a teacher to help as study it better . But I think we surely have the ability to spare no efforts to study the classes  well without the home teachers' help.

<start>As what the students are studying becomes harder and harder. Some students find it difficult to catch up with others. For not being left behind, they find private tutors. And their parents are glad to . That is common.
Private tutors can help the students review the books  and make them take better understanding of the school may not care about every student . Private tutors will answer the questions the students have more clearly than the teachers in the school .
But as he  coin has two sides . Private tutoring may also be harmful in some aspects. When having a private tutor, the student may not listen to the teachers carefully in the class . And he or she will depend on the private tutor. What is more, he or she may not think by himself or herself.
In my own opinion, it is OK t  have private tutor , if necessary. Just remember the most important thing is to rely on yourself. Others can be helpful in studying, but the knowledge is for yourself to get .

<start>Nowadays, Private  tutoring seems to be "fashion" . Take high school students as an example, according to a recent surroy  conducted by China Daily, a high perportion (86.7 percent) of high school students admitted having private tutoring for at least 3  hours a week.
The advantages of taking ia  obvious . Teacher  can teach according to certain students and students can learn more. Moreover, Private  tutoring is effective,  teacher can answer thw  question which only student didn't figure out .
However, Private  tutoring also has two sides. It deteriorate the students' lazeness  . Once they struck by a problem , they ask  without thinking. In addition students may not listen carefully at school for they know they have "back door" to learn again . Last but not least, the fee is extrently  high for poor family to afford.
As far as I am concerned, I firmly  reject private tutoring. In my opinion, students have the responsibility to learn themselves  and solve the question. Only In  this way can we make full use of school and cmtivate  not only the knowledge but ability .

<start>Nowadays, the behavior  of finding a proviate  tutor for children is in the trend. Many parents concern that their children might not fully understand what the teacher taught in class, or that other kids might study more at home. So they usually ask for a private turtor .
Generally speaking, private turtoring  have  different influence on varied  individual . For those who have fully understand  the class, there is definitely no necessary  to call for a private tutor. In this term, private tutoring is nothing more than a waste of time. For those who have difficulty understand  the text books, sometimes finding a private tutor will do good to their studies. But there's also one thing that should be chranys  kept in mind, that  a good tutor is the one who can firstly help the children to need to text books in detail  and make sure they understand everything.
As far as I'm concerned, private tutoring is not the golden private .

<start>Private Tutoring  isn't a new phrase any more. We don't know when and how the phenomenon of private tutoring came about  but we know it is a common style  that parents hire somebody to give the  private tutoring to their children. This is not good.
Many parents learn one thing from their own experience  the society is competitive society . So to make a better future for their children . Barents  decided  to improve their children  study grade . And a fashion  method is private tutoring . They believe their children more or better , children will be more competitive in the modern society as some children's scores show. Also  private tutoring mostly is given by college students. Private tutoring provides a chance for them to know society. But there are many disadvantages in it. Children not only learn from study but also learn from life. Too much study tasks  can make children feel sick and then they will lose confidence to  their future. Also  private tutoring provides some teacher a chance to earn money. They don't teach students at schools and give knowledge  in their private tutoring just for money. It's disgusting.
In my opinion, private tutoring is just exchanging money for education. It's so unfair to those poor family . I don't like the style of education. I hope all the children can receive some education and share a better world tomorrow.

<start>Nowadays, it is a very common phenomenon that Chinese parents employ private teacher  for their children. Some children evern  have more than one private teacher.
There are two different opinions about this phenomenon. Some people have the view that employ  private teacher  will make children listen class carefulless in school . Because they think they can ask private teacher . and if children study hard in school , it is useless to employ a private teacher. so  it is a waste of money.
The other people have the opposite opinion. They said  that with the help of private teacher . children will study easier and well . Besides, university students occupy a barge  part of private student . With their knowledges , they could earn money by themselves and become self-reliance .
As far as I am concerned, private tutoring has more advantage  than disadvantages. If a children  studies hard but can't get a good grade. Employ  a private teacher is very necessary. But on the contvary . If him don't  like study at all, no matter how good private teacher will change him .

<start>Today, private tutoring is a common phenomenon in society. I think this has its reasons , parents want their kids to have a rich, happy future , and the must possible way seems to let them go through the National College Entrance Examination and be admitled  by  a good university. So parents use every possible ways  to help their kids' study.
Some people many think it's unfair because there are some parents who can't afford a tutor. But in my opinion, In fact, a tutor doesn't help much, if he only teach knowledge . And the child may forms  a habit of relying on others. This is not good for this charater  shaping. So I think that doesn't make much difference. This is its negative influence. But to some college students, this is a very good chance to earn money and acoumulate  their working experience. So I'm considering to be a tutor during my racation ! This is its advantage! 
Of course, I think those tutors shouldn't only teach knowledge , but teach their students how to learn.

<start>In modern society, education plays an important role in our life, that's why parents all care about their children's study. Private tutoring is usual underneath the atmosphere , even some private tutor's  salaries are persistently high.
Though private tutoring will take up children's spare time, parents are still eager to ask them for help. Private tutoring actually can help children learn more, even go ahead their teachers , so much so that they can easily catch up with their  in the classroom . While helping children with their study, private tutor  is also preventing children from being addicted to games, which are helpless in parents' opinion. However, private tutoring maybe make  children unhappy and aggressive because of restrictions and long study . Worse still, some private tutors may harm children at times.
Given the above, I think approprivate  private tutoring is better, which can help children with study and less wasteful time . However, it is of great importante  to find a good private tutor, because he will play a  important role in the children's life. With a good tutor, the children will appreciate the private tutoring.

<start>Nowadays, I can find many of my acquitances to send their children to the private tutors, supposing the tutors can help children with their study.
On the one hand, it is a good way to improve the children's study level become when the tutors have only several students, they can teach more clearly and solve more problems for the kids.
But on the other hand, it decreases the leisure time of the kids, though our free time is very little before. Some children have to go to two or three tutors' home. For them, there is no weekend, they have much more pressure than before.
As far as I'm concerned. I hope the parents can do it after thinking many times, concerning their kids' feelings . Only by doing so. Can the kids learn more and live more happily.

<start>The phenomena of hire a private tutor for kids is very common at present. Is it good or had? It's hard to say.
Some may think private tutoring gives children a more flexible learning environment. When they encounter difficult problems at home, they can ask it in time and solve it at once. On the other hand, it provides many colleage students with practicing opportunities, which can also help them make money to afford their own life. However, some may argue it will make kids lazier in thought. Once he come across a problem, he asks the tutor. That's to say, he doesn't think by himself. what's more, it will add more burden to the family financial, especially if the family is not that rich.
As far as I can see, it is not good to hire a private tutor. Instead, we can encourage kids to bring their friends together home, and study. They can discuss problems together, which will help them more. What's more, teachers are good resources, why don't make full use of them? (A small joke). But it's true, we should discuss with the teacher more.

<start>At recent years, more and more parents begin to employ hometeachers for their children. Oviously, many hometeachers are schooling college students.
As a coin has two sides, employing hometeacher also has its good side and bad side. The college student can earn money for his or her daily life through being a hometeacher. So it can release the stress on their parents. On the other hand, employing hometeachers will reduce the time for children to relax, and it will give more stress on them. They will be too tired to learn, furtherly speaking, they will hate learning.
In my opinion, parents should set aside some time for children to take part in some other activities, probably it will be helpful to their study and health.

<start>Nowadays, finding a private tutor for kids is very common. Parents want their kids get higher scores in the examination in school and finally go to a good university.
On one hand private tutoring can help the student solve their problem in study. It is convient for them to solve problem. Private tutoring can also offer a individual help and make up for the shortages of study in crowded class in school.
On the other hand, for many parents, the money they spend an private tutoring are a heavy afford to  them. The student way also too rely on their tutor to study by themselves. It can also make the student paying less attention to the school lessons.
In my opinion, for mostly of kids, having a private tutor is unnecessary. Learning to slove problem by ourselves is a inpartant lesson for us to learn and they can also ask their teachers. They will be willing to help their students. That is my idea about the private tutoring.

<start>With the development of the society, every child has chance to receive education. But problem follows. Some children can't do well in study. So many parents send for private tutor to help teaching. With the need expands every day. Private tutoring has become a industry gradually.
But just as every coin has two sides. Private tutoring has advantages and disadvantages too. On the one hand it may help improve child's grades and provide work for some college students. But on the other hand, the expense may become a burdern to the family and to the child.
In my opinion, I don't think it's a good decision to send for a private tutor. Because study is a self-relianct work. If a child isn't determined to learn well, he will never learn well. And sending for private tutor may put stress on child too. He may think: my parents expect so much on me. How could I fail. And what's more sending for private tutor will increase family expense which is not necessary at all. So I don't support sending for private tutor. Parents should take good care of child or buy some books for them. This will be more useful than sending for private tutor.

<start>More and more parents are joining those who invite a home teacher to help their children in study. It has became a common scien that a student do his work under the help of his private teacher. What has private tutoring bring to us?
Of course, private turtoring can do some helps in children's study. Something a student don't understand in class can be settled down with the help of his private teacher. And these teachers can teach their students after school when those students can't get help from their teachers in class or classmates. By doing so, a student can study better in class.
However, to tell the truth. Inviting private teueber can also be harmful. Let us imagine that a student came bake home with a lot of homework, but he had to do the work his private teacher had left him aat the same time, His emotion can be depressed. Thus how can be study well?
In my opinion, home teacher can sometimes helps us, but we should use them wisely, not letting them doing harm.

<start>In order to promote students' learning ability and grades, hiring a private tutor becomes the most common choice among parents. In such a society full of competences against each other, good grades and excellent abilities mean quite a lot. Hence, improving abilities by private tutors becomes popular.
On the one hand, there're many advantages. Tutors assist students of their homework and make them have a better comprehension of what students have learned. Besides, tutors can find mistakes made by students and ask them to correct the mistakes in time.
On the other hand, however, there're some disadvantages. Because of having tutors. Students might think class is not important as before. They may not concentrate on listening to teachers and miss important knowledge. Apart from this, the payment of tutors might become a burden for middle-class families.
As far as I'm concerned, tutors can improve students' grade to some extent. But if we want a better grade, hardworking is necessary and important. We need to make great progress on our own and shouldn't rely on tutors too much.

<start>Nowadays, it is becoming more and more popular for parents to hire private tutors to teach their kids . I think that this is a both-edged sword to the development of kids.
Firstly, it has some advantages. Private tutors can help kids to improve their grades. Besides, children have more time to communicate with their teachers and learn something that they can't learn during class. What's more, it can make fully use of children's time so that they won't be lost in computer games.
On the contrary, however, there are some disadvantages about private tutoring. At first, it will make children have no time to develop their own habbits. Further more, children may well get bored with what he is learning and even develop an emotion of aversion. The worse result may be a generation gqp between parents and children.
So, in my opinion, parents had better not hire private tutors to teach their children. Don't make them lost interest in study, or it will be a tragedy.

<start>Nowadays, it is popular for the parents to give their children private tutoring. As a result of the fierce competition in school and in society, parents are willing to give their child better education so as they can learn more knowledge and get a higher score no matter how much money they will spend.
However, there are both advantages and disadvantages to have a family teacher. First, it is better for the teacher to know the child well and he can help the student more efficiently. Second, some student can get a higher score through private tutoring. Will, on the other hand, some teachers find it a good way to be better off. They charge a lot of money. It seems that students can't do without private tutoring. The purpose of private tutoring has been twisted.
From the perspective of me, everything should be done in moderation. If you do have some difficulties in studying some subject, private tutoring is a good way. If you are following the others, don't waste the money! You will always get the best education in the school in your class from your own teacher.

<start>Now, private tutoring is a common phenomenon in modern society. Parents always worry a lot about their child's study. They are in anxiety about whether their children will get a failing grade as well as how they can compete with others.
To be frank, private tutoring can do something in children's study. They can learn more and spend more time on study. Surely, most of them can do well in the examinations, and then, they will be admitted by the top university, and have a good job. Above all, they can earn more money. That's to say, they will be letter off that others.
But as a coin has two sides, private tutoring will make children spend much time in study, thus they can't do something they like. Their interest will be suppressed. They only know how to study, study and study more.
In my opoint of view, private tutoring is not good. A person should be a study machine. We should learn science as well as arts. We should learn something in interest. But if the child is really doing bad in study, private tutoring is necessary.

<start>The desire to get nice marks in tests, especially important exams such as the College entrance examination gives private tutoring. Looking for private tutoring is now very common.
There're both position and regative effects in this phenomenon.
First of all, students surely can improve their marks after receiving private tutoring, which encourage more parents to look for private tutors. A private tutor can help students solidete what they've already learnt. So having a private tutor means you can have an advantage over other students.
Besides, private tutoring enable a lot of college students to make money for their study.
The most but not the least, the students not having good marks have a chance or way to improve themselves.
However, private tutoring adds pressure to the already hardworking students. Most of them are not willing to receving private tutoring. More seriously, some people frand in this way.
In my opinion, private tutoring should be existing. In this way students who're struggling with their study have the chance to find their confidence in learning. Also this job helps millions of graduates making money for themselves. In the same time, the government should take control of some frand in this job. Many people have finicial frand

<start>Nowadays, it is very common in China especially in big cities that parents find private tutors for their children. 
Opinions differ about it. On the one hand, supporters think students can solve the problems they meet immediately. Of course, it is also an effective way to make sure their children are studying instead of playing .
When they are at home alone. On the other hand, opponents think it is a disrust between parents and children, and it will make children think themselves unable to finish their own work. Besides, the after-school-time should be children's own time and they should have their own time to lead a colorful life.
In my opinion, tutoring is not always a good thing for children. The most important thing is to teach them how to study efficiently and independently.

<start>For the time being, it becomes increasingly common employing a private teacher to teach children at home.
However, there are different attitudes toward the private tutoring.
On one hand, private tutoring has its advantages. Private teacher can help the children more patiently. So that students can better understand where they puzzled. Private teacher can alos supply more detailed directions that can help students improve their studies.
On the other hand, some disadvantages can also be seen. Firstly, it's a waste of money. And many poor family can't afford this. Secondly, private tutoring may reduce the capacity of the understand and thinking by themselves. Last but not least, private tutoring may stress the pressure of the children. They don't have their freedom and can't study happily. 
From the point of my view, the advantages weigh a lot than the disadvantages. Private tutoring can advocate the improvement of children's studies so that they can catch the opportunity of being admitted to a good university.

<start>In the modern society, as more and more attention is attached to education, private tutoring has become a common scene around us. Many parents, no matter rich or poor, invest a lot to seek private guidance in the consideration that their children can have a better future.
Then a question arises, is it a good thing to have private tutoring? Views on this question vary from person to person. Some think that it's a right and good think to have private tutoring, given that it brigs a lot of benefits to those students who may otherwise fall behind and what's more, private tutoring can concentrate more on the students' own conditions which voill do a lot of good to their studies and development. While others argue. That it's unfair to have private tutoring, because many poor families can't afford to do so and this would only bring a broader gap between the rich and poor. And what's more, children need their own spare time to do what they like rather than study after study.
In my opinion, the strength of private tutoring outweigh the drawbacks. As everyone of us is unique, we need private tutoring to give us unique guidance which will definitely make our study easier and of course, happier.

<start>Nowaday, asking for a private tutor for a child is very popular in our Country. But what is the effect of it? Does it really helpful for the child? I think different opinions.
Some people may see the disadvantages of it. Private tutoring is popular among the high school. But the students in high school are already have great pressure, if they also have the private tutoring, they may should spent more time in studying. What's worse, the private tutoring usually need much money, it's a big pressure for the family which is poor enough.
But some people may be for it. Because the private tutoring can improve the study mark of most students. The one to one teaching can make the students learn more clearly. They can get answers quickly. The tutor usually is a colleage students. They can get extra money by becoming a private tutor and reduce the pressure of their families.
In my opinion, Private tutoring is reasonable, but it only should be used for the students who can't keep up with other students in school or some students who feel hard to study. So I think the private tutoring should be limited in a reasonable scale.

<start>As we all know, it's common for parents to employ a private tutor for their children, at present. Does it good for children to employ a private tutor?
Just like every coin has two sides, there are advantages and disadvantages to employ a private tutor. It does do good to those children who fall behind others. Tutor can help them review the course better and solve the problems that the children come up with others. In contrast, if the children don't have the interest of study, employing a tutor for him or her, only to add his or her stress, which also cost parents much money.
As far as I'm concerned, it's important to employ a priate tutor if the children have the will to study well. Not only can it help the children's study, but also help the private tutor out, because private tutores usually have problem for lack of money.

<start>In the recent years, it has been a growing tendency to hire private tutors for children. The private tutoring phenomenon is very common nowadays. And is it beneficial or harmful? Attitudes vary from person to person.
Some supporters say that hiring private tutors can be very helpful in students' study for private tutors can teach students more detailly than teachers in school and students can grasp knowledge better. However, some people are against it, saying that it'll lead to the phenomenon that students don't listen to teachers carefully in class and on the other hand, some teachers will be class responsible. After all, the private tutoring can't take the place of the school study.
As fas as I'm concerned, whether parents should hire private tutor is depends. If the children can't catch up with the study in school, it's a method to hire a private tutor. On the contrary, if the children can catch up with it, there's no need to hire a private tutor.

<start>Nowadays, it is common to employ a private tutor for children amony parents. Generally speaking, parents employ a private tutor for children who are studying in junior high school and senior high school.
A private tutor can help children study and watch them when parents leave home. It is helpful to children's study.
While, private tutoring also cause some problems. Employing a private tutor can bring in safety problems. And the private tutor's character also need to be teatd.
As far as I am concerned, employing a private tutor might as well think twice. If children depond on private tutor, he or she can't depond on himself or herself.

<start>In the last few years, private tutoring is widely seen in china. From childhood to senior high school, a student can have various tutor, such as English tutors, math tutors. And many children have more than one tutor at the same time.
Some people are for it. Tutors can help students learn more and deeper. The present exams are hard if you only learn in the classes. To compete with other students who have tutors, you have to have tutor. And after all, students do not realize the importance of studying; they may waste their free time. So a tutor is a good choice.
Also, some people are against it. Children who have tutors may lose their interests to study. Children are children, we shouldn't force them to do too many things they don't like. Childhood is valuable. If children lose their interests, the results are more terrible.
In my opinion, students who are too young shouldn't have tutors. It's conneccessary. And they can have more time to play and spend their valuable childhood, relaxingly. When students are old enough, if they feel a tutor is necessary for their study, having a tutor is approariate. We should think of the competive society.

<start>Now, there seems to be more and more parents sending for a teacher to educate their children at home, especially in big cities.
As the old saying goes well; each coin has two sides. So do the private tutoring. On the one hand, in some way it does good to the children's study and improve their grades. Some children benefit a lot from it. On the other hand, there are many cases in which not only do the parents spend large mounts money without any payment but also students spare a lot of after-school time receiving little effects. Sometimes, children even think they're for bidden to study and become resistant to study.
As far as I'm concerned, we should think twice before we decide on whether we should do it. If students study hard and seriously at school, there's no need to send for a teacher. Of course, if parents has made the decision, they'd better negotiate with their children at first. In a word, we shouldn't emphasis too much on private tutoring, we should encourage our children to learn well at school.

<start>As all know , every parent wants his children to have a great grade, so many parents have taken the private tutorer   to teach their children.
Some people think that children's grade  will raise  if they spend enough time on their study, so the private tutoring  is very good for the students, because when you have a home teacher, you will have more time to study, and you will have more chance  to selve  problems, withing  your teacher's help.
But the private tutoring  has it's  disadvantages, too. That is when you have a home teacher, you have to take your free time to study, that means your health may be broken .
In my opinion, I think  the private tutoring  is good for our study, but we shouldnot  have the private tutoring  for a long time, maybe once a week is enough. Because our health is more important them  our grade, I think.

<start>Nowadays, it is common in our country that the parents  find private teachers for helping their children's study after school .
Some people think it  a good way to help children to study well. In school, not all the students' questions can be ansureved  by teachers, if they have private, teachers , they can ask them. And the private teachers can help the subjects  which the children can not learn well in school.
But some others think the private tutoring isn't good for children. The children may relay  on the private teachers, even ask  them to do the home work  and don't centre on  the lessons in school.
 I think the private tutoring  is good for students. Because in senior middle school . I have made  much progress by the help  of private teachers. I also help some children to study better than before  as a private teacher. I think the private tutoring  can help children to study well.

<start>In recent years, the phenomenon of private tutoring has been more and more common. It's almost every parent's wish  that their son or daughter could get good grades  and get a better chance to have a respectable job several years later.
With private tutoring, students could work out the problems that they didn't work out in school. They might master the knowledge and skill better with regular training from their tutors. What's more, they also have the opportunity to communicate with tutors to learn more about the world. Hower , every coin has two sides. Some students may not be careful in school because they just rely on their tutors. In addition, they would lose the chance to think over by themselves. On this occasion, private tutoring will be a waste of not only the time of students but also the money of parents.
From my perspective, students should be aware of the importance of thinking by themselves. If some students really have trouble in study, private tutoring is also a method to help the students to improve  and make progress.

<start>As the fact that childrens  today have much more to learn than before, more and more parents find private tutors to help their kids with their study.
Although it shows that the students have too much work to do at school, I think of the student really can not learn well learn out of school is necessary . What's more, the troubles they faced  would say to their family teachers  more than their parents because of their similar age . Though same  private tutors may be cheaters or hurt their etudents  . I don't think it happens offen .
In a word, private tutoring could help kids to study better and also give expervence  to college students of working and teaching . I think it's a great thing .

<start>Nowadays, it's becoming more and more common that parents ask for tutors for children , is it right?
Generally speaking, a tutor can surely help children with their study, and the child can get a better grade at school. But we must see, the grades is  not as important as we usually think when we want to find a job and make a living after school. We sometimes call it EQ. this one ability  is essencial  for children's future life. In the meanwhile , It's  a waste of time asking a tutor teach children . If a child can make use of this kind of time to do something he or she likes, them  will be very happy.
To be frank, I hate tutors,  I never have a tutor. My parents never ask for a tutor for me  and let me have fun on my own. I think for them and I hope there won't be a tutor any more. Children need time of their own!

<start>In contemporany  days , more and more parents are willing to hire private tutor  to help their children make progress in study. It's easy to find ads for finding private tutors in our university. This phenomenon has both advantages and disadvantages .
On one hand , some individuals are against hiring private tutors, which is possibly based on the consideration of the money , and hiring private tutors will be a heavy burden.
On the other hand, the advantages are obvious. Student  can benefit a lot from a private tutor,  the tutor will make personal study plan for child  and answer any question student  meets in study. What's more, it's a great chance for graduates to earn some money and improve independence .
For my part, I'm  for this phenomenon. Both students and private tutors can benefit from it.

<start>Recently, more and more parents hire private tutors for their children. As far as I am concerned, these teachers range from my fellow classmates to professional tutors who had graduated and have worked for years. When I was a high-school students  . Some of my classmates, also had a private tutor , teaching them something like math. English and so on .
There are both advantages and disadvanges  about private tutors. On one hand , the present problem of population in china is so serious that many teachers in public schools have to teach over fifty students once , which may reduce the efficiency . Hiring private tutor  is one possible solution, who  can answer the questions the child is still puitled   and provide specific way for individual learning. On the other hand, private tutor  may take up too much time so that the student wouldn't have much spare time. Futermore , the student might be weak at  indepent  thinking.
In my opinion, parents should hire private tutor  according to the practical fact . After all, the best way for students to acquire knowledge is by self-learning .

<start>As we can see, many families used to pay for their children the extra-classes that use commonly called private tutoring , to help their children to understand lessons more than they didn't during class time . So,  private tutoring help  to stay focused on studies, get more time to stay concentrate to your studies  and stay familiar with all lessons you've learned during class time. But,  for other side , we remark that sometimes private tutoring can contribute on  getting stress with your studies. It doesn't allow you to have enough time for refleshing  your brain and us  we can see for more students whose already costumed to private tutoring once they don't get chance to have it , they get many problems in their studies.
By the way, I think private tutoring are  important for  any students us  it helps to stay familiar to your studies  and also in the way that you get the time to concentrate yourself with your teacher not as during the class time .

<start>Nowadays, private tutoring is becoming more and more populares the study pressure is becoming heavier gradually.
There is no doubt that private tutoring will be benefitial to children's study and can make the scores increase in a very short time. It works by solving students' confusion on certain objects and also teaching students the skills to deal with examinations.
But what is the case if private tutoring lasts for a long time. The students will gradually be dependent on it. They even can not study by themselves. They will not develop their own study skills and when they run into new problems, they still don't know how to tackle it. Additionally, private tutoring costs much it will enlarge the expenses of their family.
I think private tutoring is a good choice to improve students' grade, but in the long term, it's better for students to study on their own to ensure them to be self-reliant. In fact, for students, what they should do is to listening carefully on the class teachers will teach you the knowledge you need.

<start>Nowadays  it's more and more popular for parents to employ a private tutor to teach their children at home. Does it really good  for children? There're some advantages and disadvantages about it.
On the one hand, totors  can help children to pick out their mistakes and correct them more easily. In addition, one to one  education can help children concentrate on the point which they perform badly or not really good at . Moreover, tutors don't have to care about different students' different studying level . So that they can teach the children more knowledge  during a short time.
But every coin has two sides. As we all know, students in modern time always load too much pressure . They need to relieve themselves  after class to keep their health. But private tutoring always takes up their spare-time  and add  up to their pressure. What's more, many nauthy  children don't study carefully even though they have a tutor.
In my opinion, study is students' own work . It's not helpful to have a tutor.

<start>Nowdays , private tutoring is becoming more and more popular. Advertisements for private teachers are rather common in our compus . When a child can't do well in his or her studies a private teacher seems necessary .
Every coin has two sides  Private  tutoring can improve one's marks to some degree. Face teaching  makes it easier for the teacher to arrange teaching , thus helping his student according . Sometimes it functions well. But,  if a child relys  much on his private teacher not class teaching . Things will not  that good. As we all know, knowledge is conveyed mainly during classes, so if a student abandons this , he is surely to fail in his studies .
As far as I am concerned, private tutoring is just like snackes . You could eat some for energy  but it can't replace dinner . Properly make use of private tutoring so that it will contribute to a good result.

<start>Finding a private tutor for children is a common phenomen  nowadays. Perhaps  for  the great study pressure children have and the limited time they own.
As a coin has two sides, I think private tutoring has both advantages and disadvantages. On one hand , It's  indeed a helpful and useful way to help children with their projects, as well as to raise their grades . It also can save time for children  and solve their personal questions. But on the other hand , it does harm in  children's independent study ability and makes children under more pressure .
As far as I'm concerned, students can choose many methods to solve study problems . For instance, they can ask their teachers or discuss with their classmates. When I meet problem , I'd like to discuss with my classmates for they share a similar knowledge degree with me  and it's easier for us to communicate. At last, if you still have questions unsolved, you should turn to your private tutor.

<start>With the development of economic , more and more parents can afford the paid for private tutor . As a result, private tutoring becomes hot nowadays.
Like a coin has two sides, private tutoring has its both advantages and disadvantages. On one hand , private tutoring can help develop children's ability of learn  from losing themselves in the computer games in the sparetime  . But on the other hand , private tutoring does do harm for  children. It gives the children  more pressure of study,  takes all the children's sparetime  to develop their social skills. In a word, we should clearly know that private tutoring will do help and also will do harm .
In my opinion, whether we should employ a private tutor should base on the children's will . If they want  study more, private tutoring should be allow . But if they don't, how can we give them a private tutor? Also, the time of private tutoring should be limited.

<start>As far as I know, private tutoring is quite common now in our country. The idea of hiring a tutor for children is widely held among parents. Then I'd like to talk about my opinions on private tutoring.
For some children who didn't acquire knowledge  well at school, a private tutor is sort of necessary. Even for the tutor himself, the experience of teaching others is also important and interesting. It can also help those who are unable to pay for the high expenses at school. However, I have to admit that private tutoring has its disadvantages as well. As we can see, the burden of students are  quite heavy now while some parents still make children learn extra lessons by tutors , which makes children tired and even unwilling to learn.
In my opinion, private tutoring should only come when it is really necessary. For most children, playing and communication is more important than learning in their youngth . So don't always try to find a private tutor for our little children!

<start>Nowadays, more and more parents find private tutors their children , because  the heavy  competition between the teenagers , there is no agreement  some people belive  that we should do this,  it make children get higher grades and win the competition. While others may focus it makes teenagers under too much pressures , and it is harmful for our grow .
All the things have two side  . First of course  Private  tutoring could help teenagers study,  a tutor may teachers  more knowledge  that we couldn't get from the class, second  they helps  review the things we get from the class and sove  our problems, third  it is really save time  we needn't go have  or there, just stay  at home,  the tutor will come and teach you, we all know that time is our life .
But there are also disadvantages. Our parents will spend a lot of money. Some students may think I have a tutor. I shouldn't learn at class just ask my tutor well be ok , and depend on their tutors too much, when they have problems then ask can't solve the problem themselves . This may make students more bad, couldn't get high grades .
In my opinion, I think if you could learn things by yourself, we needn't have a private tutor . It is not necessary because your ability is enough to solve your problem,  if you can not understand the contents the teachers at class , may you should some one to help you . It is all depends on yourself .

<start>Nowdays , more and more parents go to the Tutoring  center to choose a private tutor who can help their kids with their learning. There's Tutoring  center  in my university. And when willing  on compus , I usually find some ads for tutoring on the walls.
It shows that parents now care more about their kid's study. Asking for tutors  is a good way. Because the tutors are not much older that  the kids, they know each other better. Tutors can tell then what problem they have met .

<start>Nowadays, it's very usual  for parents to search private tutoring  for their children, no matter how poor the family is.
As we can see, private tutoring help  children learn better after school and solve the problems that the children don't understand. The best evidence is the children's rising marks.
Every coin has two sides. Children need more free time to relax themselves  and release pressure. But private tutoring make  it impossible for students to entertain themselves. As a result, students become tired of schooling and study, which is the most harmful .
In my opinion, we students don't need any private tutoring. If we have any questions, go to the teacher. if  we want to learn after school, learn by ourselves. In a word, working hand  is the most important .

<start>With the growing stress of the lessons , many students as well as their parents are turning to private tutors for help. It's a common phenomenon to employ private tutors now. 
It is known to us all that every coin has its two sides . Private tutors manage the knowledge and skills better than us . They can help us improve our academic performance quickly and easily and at the same time, you can acquire some new ideas which can't be expressed at school.
But at the same time, we're once again "being taught". We once again lost  a chance to analyze the problems by ourselves. There is an old proverb:  It's better to teach a person how to fish instead of giving them fish. If we always turn to private tutors for help despite  how difficult the problem is, we'll at last be disabled to organize our own thinking to solve the problem. This is definitely a nightmare for students.
So in my opinion, it's better to depend on ourselves to solve the problems rather than asking private tutors for help. In this way  can our brains be trained and we'll be more capable to overcome difficulties.

<start>Nowadays  there are more and more parents asking for private tutors for their children . The opinions about whether students should have private tutors are divided into two parts as follow .
Some people think that a private tutor helps a lot for a child . Private tutors could not only provide more knowledge for children , but also teach them other abilities that they can't learn in the class. Besides, a private tutor is always a little older than the child. So the private tutor could share lots of experience in study and life which is very helpful with  the child. While others disagree, they believe that a student should listen carefully in the class so it is unnecessary to have a private tutor. And they also think that students have lots of classes in school,  parents should not put too much stress  on them.
In my opinion, one thing should be viewed from different anyles  . if  a child is bad for his study , it's very necessary for him to have a private tutor to help him. And for others, wether  to have a private tutor is decided by his parents and himself.

<start>Now, that parents employed  teachers for children is very common. The education is becoming worse and worse.
Because the subjects that children need to learn is  harder, parents had  to help children get further education. Parents always want their children get better grades. It's surely correct. But it will cause bad results . First , if drawing too much attention to the grades, children will lose many chances to learn many living abilities, which will make them hard  to live in society in the future.
Also, it will increase the economical burdens  of the family. Now, the CPI rises so quickly. So wasting much money isn't clever .
But,  having teachers at home can make children get better education. Their base at mathematics and English  will become better. They can learn harder subjects more easily.
I think it just depends on your grades. If your grades are good , you'd better develop your abilities. If your grades are not good, learning more is the best way. So I suggest that every child should work hard at school because the knowledge that the school give you is enough.

<start>Nowadays, it is very common for parents to ask for private tutoring for their children , not only in the big city, but countryside . This phenomenon is especially common among students who are going to take the college-enter exam . Today, I will talk something about the private tutoring.
For the students , on the one hand, they can learn some special experience from the tutor, or some other knowledge  they can not receive in class,  on the other hand, you know, not all the tutors  words are useful for them, so they maybe waste much time.
For the tutor, he can not only experience the complex society , add his society experience, but earn some money by himself. Most  of the tutors are come from  universities, they have grown up to adults,  they need to learn to be independent. It is a  important skill for them. But adversely, they have to spent  many time  for the private tutoring   which may affect their study in the universities.
To sum up, as far as I'm concerned, I think  it is good for the tutors themselves. But for the students, maybe it is not a good choice. It is some time wasting money , for the students usually don't concerntrate  on it.

<start>As  the development of social economy, it is increasingly seen  that many parents pay a considerable number of money to hire  private teachers for their children.
At the first sight, it appears so good that children would receive more excellent education. However, in my opinion, private tutoring is a double-edge sword. On one hand , despite the money to pay for the teachers , children would be more lazy when they are in the school because some of them hold the opinion that there is a "mighty" teacher at home to solve everything. This would do great harm to the independent thinking of children. On the other hand, of course, private teachers may have a positive influence on children, and necessary , a teacher at home is helpful to solve a difficult problem, thus making kids gain progress.
As far as I can see, private tutoring results from the fact that many parents without complete edution  when they were young and they want to fulfill their dreams on their kids . Never the less , I am firmly convinced that private tutoring should not be laid beyond the schooling education. It is mainly due to the importance of schooling education that is improved by numerous generations. In this way, we can expect too much about the benefits of private tutoring. It is just one form of supplement to schooling education. There are lots of examples to illustrate this point, such as Emerison and Betran Russel, who both had a compelete  education at school without private tutoring.
To sum up, private tutoring may do good things . However, if we take the cultivation of independent thinking of kids , it should be placed in the right position. Thus, when talking about private tutoring, we regard it only as one kind of supplement forms  to our schooling education.

<start>As is known to us all, employing a private teacher is wide-spreading . As if private tutoring was  a necessary part of learing .
Obviously, Private  tutoring has many benefits . To start with, we can ask private teacher  according to our own situations . In addition, we will have more encouragements when the teacher give us . What's more, we needn't be ashamed of our simple mistakes.
On the other hand, it also has disadvantages. To begin with, if we pay more attention on  private tutoring, we will not pay our attention on  normal study. What's worse, it will take too much time and money  and we will have less time to relax ourselves  and develop our into . 
In my opinion, we'd netter  make full use of the class. If we really can't catch up with the lessons or others , we will try to employ a private teacher, and begin to study after class. In other words, Private  tutoring is the second choice. Making full use of class time   the best way to improve our study.

<start>It's more and more popular to have a home teacher for children. Nowadays, the best way to succeed is to receive good education. Students have more homework to do, which may be difficult. So having a person  to help students is necessary. What's more, parents who want students learn at school is not enough . So they need a teacher to teach their children more, so that their children can be better  than their classmates. As a result, the phenomenon is common.
Having a hometeacher  is a good way to make it more convenient for children to ask some question  or learn something. In the meantime, students can also have an opportunity to get wise advice. Which  may make  studying sufficient . However, it will not always be good. After a day at school, students will be very tired. But a hometeacher  will make a student learn for long time . So he or she has no time to rest, then he or she will be very tired to go to school. As a result, students will spend more time and learn less. And it will be hard for a poor family to have a hometeacher  that makes sudents'  parents more tired .
As far as I am concerned, it's more important for students to learn knowledge  at school, we should teach student more sufficiently . So that students will balance between  studying and rest.

<start>Nowadays  in many cities in china, it is very common for parents to call in private tutors for the sake of their children's study. Different people have different opinions about this.
Some think that private tutoring is helpful because their children can fully understand the course that they may not grasp  during the daytime. To the contrany , others argue that this tendency is harmful to not only students  but also  the education of the nation. With more and more private tutoring, students will have less and less their own time  to play happily and to think freely.
As said  above, private tutoring has both positive aspect and bad one . In my opinion, however, too much private tutoring is not good. If the student can work hard in the school, there is no need to call in a tutor at home.

<start>As the pace of the society's development accelerate , parents are more concerned about their children's future. And the phenomenon of private tutoring is ordinary  now.
People can't reach an agreement on this problem . Some people hold the view that private tutoring is good for children's development. For it can contribute to kids' knowledge and their kids can be the top students as well. But there are also some people who are opposite to that view. They think private tutoring will block the kids' natural development. Knowledge isn't the ultimate goal of the students . Apparently, that's the advantages and disadvantages of the private tutoring. And from my point of view  private tutoring will waste kids' too much time . I like how someone puts it, "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy". Surely, we should concentrate more on students' practical skills. And we should give them more freedom.
Obviously, we can safely draw a conclution  that private tutoring is not very good.

<start>Now it's really popular that parents give their children private tutoring. Of course  we can understand parents' though  . Every boy  hope  their children to have a good grade  in school. But is it really heapful ?
In traditional opinions, private tutoring can make student get progress  in studying. But there is other opinion  that the private tutoring  spend  too much money and also spend  too much time of the children.
In my view . I think study is the thing only for yourself . If you listen to the teacher carefully in the class , and do your homework by yourself. You will find your grade  are not so bad. On the other hand. If you don't really work at all, don't you think so ?

<start>The enormous pressures  has already spread  from adults to children in the modern society of china. As the large population of china, children  have to face cruel competition since they were in senior highschool  or even elementary school. Students need to promote their position in class to get the better chance  in the future. As the result of his status , parents tend to find private tutor  for their children to promote scores.
Generally speaking, tutor  can do good at  students' studying,  they can answer the questions that some students can't understand while they are ashcned  of asking their teacher. sometimes  if a tutor can give students a more efficient way of learning, it can beneifit  students a lot.
In fact, students tend to form a habit to here  a reliance on their tutor. They won't think the question themselves when they always have someone to ask. It can lost  the most important spirit of studying-thinking by yourself .
In my opinions, I  don't like students  make use of convenience  of asking tutor  to be a lazy one. Studying is process  that one can learned  much form  it , if someone have  a tutor, I believe he will lose may  good experiene .

<start>Nowadays, private tutoring is a common society  phenomenon. As most family  only have one child, the parents want to do their best to their kid from study to life . Thus, when they think their kid's study is no  so good as they thought , they will hire private tutors to make them better. Soon, private tutoring is well recognized by the society.
Private tutoring has some good effect . For example  it can really do good to our  students as many of them will see an increasing grades  . Beside  private tutors may help the parents  look after the kids. However, as every win has its two sides , private tutoring is not as good as most once thought. As students can also be teached  at home, they may not be careful enough during the classes. What's more, some private tutoring may occupy student's time as they don't really want to have private tutoring.
In my opinion, private tutoring is not so necessary. Some students that have been behind in study  or wanted  to study better may as well have a private tutor, but for most of us, our nomal  study is enough and we may not have one  to waste our time.

<start>The parents  nowadays are more concerned about their children than any period of the long Chinese History  . For  the society is peaceful and rich. Of course, the education is the most important thing for a child. So,  the parents  try their best to find ways  to educate their children.
Employing a teacher to have private tutoring has become a population  among the parents. They think this would benif  their children's study. But, is it really good or necessary?
I admire that private tutoring would help the children  to get further understand  of the knowledge they learned  and can make a progress. But,  why do they have to use this kind of methods to get this progress ? Are they really willing to do this in their free time instead of having a rest? This is a serious question.
In my mind, private tutoring is unnecessary! You can learn by yourself,  teacher  is only the person who teach  you how to learn, they can never tell you everything. So, in most occations , you have to face up with the problems  by yourself. So, if you can learn by yourself, it is surely better! You can grasp the knowledge by heart if you can understand it by yourself.
So,  people don't let the private tutoring become a population again !

<start>Now it is very popular to employ private tutors for children. More than half of the families in china have over employed at least one private tutor up to now.
There are many advantages and disadvantages about private tutoring. First of all private tutor can help your children know whether he or she has known what the teachers had taught in the classroom. If your children have any questions, the private tutor can help a lot. Secondly private tutor can teacher something that your children won't learn in school for example piano. They can make your children familiar to something new in a short time.
But many people don't like private tutoring. To begin with. When your children have private tutors they may be careless with their school study. They may not leant what the teacher taught because they have private tutors and can catch up with others easily. Another problem is that the fee is to high many families can't afford it.
In my opinion, whether to employ a private tutor is different between different families. If it is profitable for you, just do it. But if it is not the traditional way of study is also a good way for your children.

<start>Nowadays, many parents find tutors for their children simply for good marks.
There is no doubt that having a tutor may bring higher marks to kids. Also, private tutors may teach kids something useful in being a real person. However, most tutors only teach the knowledge in the books, and the methods to face exams. In such case, children will lack the ability to solve problems by themselves.
As far as I am concerned, self-reliance is more important for kids, so there is no need to hire a tutor without a tutor, there will be more time for parents to spend with their child. As for a child he/she will have free time to learn what they real like.

<start>Nowadays, it's normal to a have a private teacher for your own child.
The private tutoring can make children have more time to study with a teacher when they might probably play computer games as their parents went out. In addition, when the children have problem they can always get the solution from the private teacher. Furthermore, they can get a deeper understanding in the knowledge with the help of private teachers.
However, with the private teacher, the children have less time to think for themselves. What's more, as the time is taken up by the private tutoring, they have less time to finish their homework.
In my opinion, it is not a good idea to have a private tutoring. For a child, it does harm to him to have little time for thinking of and solving the problem by himself. you can remember a difficult problem's solution forever If you can solve it by yourself. This is what our teachers often teach us, still private tutoring costs the parents money.
All the points above come when the private tutoring is combined with, the school. But when it comes to other things, for example, football, basketball, piano, violin and so on, I think nobody will be against, if the child love it.

<start>It has become more and more popular for parents to hire private tutor for their children. And many of us consider it a great part-time job to earn money so what do you think about it?
It's obvious that private tutoring has many benefits. For one part, as the competition is school has become more and more cruel, many students find it difficult to keep up with the study. They have no choice but to seek help from private tutor, since their parents are tied up with their work. For another part. It provides the college student a perfect chance to build our confidence, enhance our knowledge and improve our abilities.
But every coin has two sides, there are many disadvantages hiding behind. On the one hand, with the assist of private tutor, many students has gradually developed a sense of dependence. They don't listen attentively during class, and they would rather to seek for help when encountering problems than try to solve it by themselves. On the other hand, spending too much time in private tutoring will affect our study more or less.
In my opinion, we should maintain a balance between the pios and cons of it, and try our best to make private tutoring benefits both us students and tutors.

<start>In the modern soliety, many parents find a tutor to their son or dauthtor. And that is becming very popular. But every coins have two sides.
On the one hand, us studying is harder and harder, many students have a lot of difficulty and problems in studying. A tutor can help them to solve some of them, and then they will find the interests of studying rather than the stressure. And it's good to improve their capicaty. However, on the other hand, students may more and more depend on the tutor. It is so bad to them that they may lose the skill to solve problems by themselves. Probabey, their grades may improve in the shorts time, but it can't last long. So it is bad to their growth.
But in my opinion, a tutor wheather is benefit to students is depend on the students. If they can contral themselves, get some helf from the tutor is not bad. After all one person's fanse is low. But if they once have a problem, they ask the tutor. I think the tutor is not necessary.
Above all, a good way to use the tutor is very good to students.

<start>Nowadays, parents have more and more strong willness to hire, private teachers for their children. It's ordinary to find a child who have several private teachers, such as painting, maths, English and so on. But whether Private tutoring is a good thing?
There are some advantages to have private teachers. First, private teacher can help student promote their grades, both parents and students will be happy about it. Second, private teachers can teach child, the child some special skills, improve their interet, that's really a good thing.
On the other hand, private tutoring also has some disadvantages. First, hiring private teacher will spend parents a lot of money. Second, children will have less time to play.
In my opinion, there is no need to hire private teachers if your children aren't got very tired with his study. And I think a private teacher for child's interest is good, but parents should get their children's promise.

<start>In china, most parents think good education is one of the most important things that children should have. So it's common for a child who has a private tutor. But is it good?
First, having a private tutor can be a lot of help to children, for it is easier for students to understand the knowledge got from tutor. And if he is puzaled, he can ask tutor for help immideatly.
Having a private tutor, however, may lead many other problems. For example, they lost the chance to communicate with other students, which is a key point for children to learn. You can't know what others think.
In my view, different children should have different way to learn. Chosing what you really need is the best way to study.

<start>These days an increasing number of parents tend to invite private tutors to provide extra educational activities to their children. This phenomenon has caused general public concern in many citizes.
Some people claim that private tutoring contribute directly to their children study which is evaluated by the grades their children get in school. But another people firmly disagree with such a point and they think private tutoring is useless and harmful for the later growth of children.
In my opinion, I hold the belief that private tutoring is harmful for students. I meet many parents who get into raptures at a more mention of private tutoring. They were forever talking about the high grages their children get and the great helpness from tutor. But they failed to think that while the other childrens were playing, what the feeling their child would have when he still focused his enery on study. Such actions would lead to an unfavarable attitude toward study among childrens. So I think private tutoring is disposable for children's lives.

<start>Recent years, it is common for many parents to employ some students to guide their children's study, for the purpose of improving children's study, thus they can be admitted by a exllent university.
Well, like coins have two sides, private tutoring also has its advantages and disadvantages. It's of no doubt that children can do better in the study and get some extra knowledge they can not learn from books through private tutoring. But on the other hand, if a child attends private tutoring, not only does his or her spare time be cut down, but also his or her happiness is reduced. This may not be good for the growth of children. Besides, it costs a lot of money.
As far as I am concerned, I don't think children have to attend private tutoring. In my view, education is  not just let children learn as much as they can, but teach them how to learn and develop abilities for future. They have the right to enjoy their childhood, not just  spend their childhood attending private tutoring.

<start>Now the competition among students become more and more fierce, so it's common that parents find a private tutor to teach their child.
It's obvious that with a private tutoring, the student will study hard and get good marks. And when they have problems in studying, they can get help from private tutoring, and they can even learn something that not taught in the class. For the private tutor, it's a way to earn money or a chance to train themselves.
But every coin has two sides. The students may not thinking the problem themselves, if there is a private tutor. They will also lose their spare time. And for parents, pay for a private tutor is often expensive.
For my own opinions, I disagree with it. As a student, I think I need more spare time to do my own things. Without a private tutor, I will have a good chance to cultivate creating ideas. And we can ask our teachers when we have problems that we can't solved. So long as we study hard at school, we don't need a private tutor.

<start>Different from the teacher who teach in school.  There is another educating job -private tutoring.
Nowadays, private tutoring can be seen everywhere. Almost every student pay for the private tutor and have another lessons after school. Especially the senior school, teacher in school even encourage their students get their home-education, of course, not from student's parents from the private tutor.
As we know, everything has its two sides. The private tutoring have good effects on students, in the meantime it brings the bad effect.
For those who have difficuity in study, private tutoring can surely help them. Although teachers in school try their best to convey the knowledge to students, students are different. Everyone has own ability of understanding of the knowledge. So the private tutor can provide their knowledge, experience of study to the students who are not good at study and exam. Also, the private tutoring brings more chances for people in the society to get jobs.
On the other hand, the bad influence is obvious. If students depend on the private tutoring more and more. It will suggest in the their mind that study in school is not as important as before. Everything missed in the class can be get in the tutor lesson, student might lose their attention in the school.
I think private tutoring is just for those who have difficulty I study. And sometime, it's not necessary to get tutor lesson and home we can study in school and try our best to study. I think as long as we concentrate on the lessons in school and follow the teachers' education, private tutoring is not necessary at all.

<start>Now, private tutoring is very common among students. Parents seem likely to spent some extra money hiring a teacher to teach their children after school.
Of course, it is good for students' study. If they fail to follow the teacher or have difficulties in homework, they can turn to their private teacher. as private tutoring is one-to-one teaching, it's easier for a student to follow and the teacher can teach just in the way that the student likes. So private tutoring is an effective way to improve student's study. But some people think it also has some disadvantages. For example, some students will think, "I have a private teacher, so I needn't to study in class." They depend on private tutoring so much and don't study hard at school. Thus, they waste their time and money.
In my opinion, private tutoring itself doesn't have anything harmful, but whether you use it in the right way does. I have been a private teacher myself. At first I told my student to work hard at school so that my teaching would be easier and he did so. Then after school I helped him with the problem he had at school. After a term, he improved a lot.
We should take advantage of this useful method in a right way. Just connect school teaching and private tutoring together, and you will find a big surprise.

<start>In order to help their kids with their study, parents always try their best to do anything that is benefitical for their children. So private tutoring become a hot career.
Needless to say, having a private tutor can help the student a lot, student can get more attention from his tutor and with the tutor's considerate tutoring, student can have a better understanding of what they learn. Moreover, the atmosphere between the private tutor and the student probly more relating and students can communicate with him or her well. So that the learning become more effective.
Every coin has sides, having a tutor also has some disadvantage, for example, it may cost much money and so many family may can't affort it. What's more, the student may be influenced by some bad behavior of his tutor. Meantime, it limit the free time of student. So the student himself or herself may feel boring to have a private tutor.
In my opinion, it's not necessary for the student to have a private tutor, because in this competitive society, everyone should learn think for himself and rely on himself. when coming across some difficult questions, we can also seek help from our classmates, which both contribute to learning and our friendship.

<start>With the development of society, it's become more common to hire a ptivate teacher for one's children. And the trend has become more heated on holidays. But as every coin has two sides, private tutoring has both advantage and disadvantages.
On the one hand, this phenomenon reflects that parents attach more importance to their children's education than before. Besides, the private teacher can make the children understand the knowledge fully. On the other hand, this tendency will cause the children become more dependent on the teacher. as a result, the ability of self-teaching is will disappear little by little. What's more, private tutoring can take up a lot of time of the children. And it's not good for the children to develop fully at every aspect.
To my mind. I don't think private tutoring is an oppropriate way to gain knowledge. Because the ability of self-teaching is an essential skill that we must acquire in further study. Moreover, being more independent also does good to our growth.

<start>It becomes a phenomenon that parents hire a private tutor for their kids. But does private tutoring necessary?
There exists some benefits of private tutoring. On one hand, private tutor can teach kids judged by the kid's advantages and weakness so make student's learning more efficient. On the other hand, there are a mount of students in a class of school, so there are not many opportunities for student to ask questions. But when it comes to private tutor, you can ask your questions freely so let your puzzles away.
Though it has of advantages, the disadvantages is quite evident. First of all, the expense of hiring a private tutor is quite high and it increase by hours. Besides, when a kid has a private tutor, he may not listen to the teachers in school. And hire private tutor just have the harmful effects. Last but not least, many private tutor are university students, most of them do not have teaching experience and may lead student to a wrong way.
In my point of view, I think it varies from people to people whether parents should hire private tutor. But the crital point is, it but under the kid's agreement.

<start>Nowadays, the competition of students becomes more and more fierce. No parents want to see their children are behind the other students in study. So, many families pay the money to private tutors to help their children. We can always see the small ads on the wall that hire the private tutor.
Usually, most students can't catch everything they've been taught in the classroom. Private tutoring in a good way to make up of it. Students can writes down their questions, and in the spare time asked the tutors for help. It truly help them solve the problems.
And also, many families find the college students to being the private tutor. It's also being a good way for them to make the money.
But as coins have two sides, there are also bad effect on the students, they might be lost the ability to individually study, and more and more dependent on their tutors. It would block their way to absovb the new knowledge. Even be harmful to their future study.
In my opinion, if it is not necessary, parents don't need to find a private tutor. But if their children truly need to a patient teaching, that would be a great way.

<start>As known to us all, nowdays, private tutoring has been more and more welcomed in china. But does private tutoring really deserves it?
First, why do we do it? I should say that the answer is obvious to help our children do better in their studys. But what's this for? Because if they do well in there studys they will do well in their further works, isn't it? No, it isn't. Having a good score in each experiment doesn't means performing well at work as well.
Second, what does it brings? Sometimes it really works as we hopped, this can be shown on the results f  exams. But we should know what it takes away: the happiness of our children, their childhood, and so on. What do we hope for? One day they grow up have their own baby and he or she asked them: "Tell me some stories of you, please." Then they will find that there is study in their memories only. 
At last, what to do? On my own opinion.  Private tutoring deserves nothings. Our children should have time to look at the society to learn how to get along with others, but not just how to study well. So stop doing it, give our children freedom and guide them behind, let them learn by their own.

<start>Now there's a phenomeno that many parents vnvite house-teach to help their children study. They phenomeno is so public so that, I think, the whole society should focus on how it will shape us students' capacity of study.
Things have two sides on one hand, private tutoring has its own advantages. It not only make students study more clearly, and solve some problems which can't be solved on the class, but also make some graduaters who can't find a good job have a temperpory job to live on. But on the other hand, it also has disadvantage at school and listen to house-teachers at home. They can't study by themselves, which will do harm do their further study careers. Further more, many parents have to save money to afford the fee to invite house-teachers, which makes come poor families poorer. 
In my opinion. Private tutoring is a thing whose disadvantages more than its advantages. To some families have enough money, it is a useful way to raise their children's grade. But to some poor families, it is a way that is more harmful than meaningful.

<start>In many cities, parents often employ many private teachers for their children, and nearly every student had have private teachers, it's a normal phenomenon in today's world.
As the school education is more and more well, and students have a large mount of heavy homeworks, many people think a private teacher is not needed. If children have to always study in both free time to play with their friends, and may be they will get tired of study. What's worse, they can't understand their parents' idea and aguainst it, so the end will be unthinkable.
But in the other hand, many parents believe that their children have two day's free time every week, they have enough time to have a better rest, and even their study time is too little so the can't keep up with others, for this reason, a private teacher is really needed. Moreover, a private teacher can't help their children develop their interests.
So, in my opinion, a private teacher is needed or not is decide on occasion, if parents want to strench their children's interests and their children are happy with that, it obsolutely right. However, if it against their children's intention, evidently, it a bad choice.

<start>There has been a heated trend mowdays that plenties of parents hire a private tutor for their children in order to improve their children's study.
Not only the senior students get tutors, but also the primary students get tutors, they want to be the good students in their classes. Mots of the tutors are students from universities, and others are teachers.
Private tutoring has a lot of advantages just like these: first. It can improve student's study and students can have private space to shave tutor's experience which makes them have a good comprehension.
But along with the advantages goes with the disadvantages. Inevitably, the two are intertwined. The disadvantages are: Firstly it will cost a lot of extra money and the tutor cannot assure that the students improve his/her study. Secondly, students have to work for the extra classes after their study in school, they have much pressure and may result in bad results. And it may result in students' bad health.
In my opinion, we should concern the study of the children in school. There is no need for students to hire a tutor. In this way, students can have a good vest after school areal. Parents can save a lot of money.

<start>At present, the studing and the grades are becoming more and more important. Without high marks, students can't be admitted by the schools which they hope to learn in. so, the private tutoring is becoming more and more popular.
Now, it is very normal to ask for a private tutoring. After all the school assignment is not so easy that everyone can get a full mark! Those who don't study so well or haven't put all his or her heart into study must be worring about the exams and assignments all the time. However, many parents don't have the ability to teach their children, so they need private tutoring.
I just think it's right to exist private tutoring. On the one hand, these private tutors are all college students. So they need the chance to make money all by themselves and get in touth with the real society. However, many students are so poor that they need the money to live during the university period. On the other hand, the private tutoring helps both parents and students.
However, there are also some disadvantage. If the students think they have the help of private tutoring, they may not spare no effort to study in school and they may event sleep or play during the class.
In my opinion, the private tutoring shoud be encouraged. As college students they need the chance to be involved in the society and they can also help many students who are need. So good it is!

<start>In china, a home teacher is very popular. I think the reason is the parents and students in china. Put the opportunity of entering college a very very important and unhealthy position. Many of them think going to school is the only way to success. So, it make the matter that inventing home teacher in china is very popular.
Let's Talk about it at two sides. First, it has its advantage. Such as most of the home teacher are college studeas, this can help them make money to decries the press of there parents. And it has its disadvantage, too. For example, to the student's parents, home teachers' case is not cheap, and sometimes, it doesn't work, the home teacher cannot give the student a better understanding about the study but only to help how do their homework. so, by seeing at this side, home teachers also have their disadvantages.
At last, I want to talk with the student, I think we don't invent the home teacher better. And do study by yourself. If so, you can make your study ability better and save your parents money. Shouldn't it better?

<start>Now it is quite common for parents to employ a private tutor to help with their children's study. You can see a lot of advertisement on seeking for private tutors.
The advantages of looking for a private tutor are obvious. It can contribute to their children's marks, not only can the students gain confidence but also they can own other's respect and admire.
However, there also exists disadvantages of private tutor. For example, it may be too expensive. Some family can not afford it. It may also let the students rely on it and could not learn well at school. In my opinion, students can make choices based on their own situations. If you are good at your study, it is not necessary for you to employ a private tutor. But if you are troubled with you study, then private tutor may be a good way for you.

<start>In recent years, the phenomenon that some parents find private tutors to teach their children has become more and more common. In the view of parents, private tutors can help their children with their study. However, They will make students less good at their study.
In my opinion, I don't agree that parents should send for a private tutor for their children. Because it's bad for calcutiving their children's thinking ability.

<start>Nowadays, it is very popular that parents try to make their children tought by private teachers.
With a private teacher's help, students will surely have less stress. When they don't understand all the lessons or have some difficulties in doing their homework, they can turn to their private teachers for help, which will surely increase students' scores. And parents will also be satisfied because they try their best to help their own children achieve high grades.
However, there are also some megative effects. After having private teachers, children may think there are no need to listen carefully to their teachers in school. So they won't consentrate on their lessons. In this condition, children will not make any progress in their lessons. Meanwhile, it will surely add up to their parents' financial burdens.
In my opinion, parents don't need to invite private teachers. In class, children will study well by themselves and they can acquire knowledges and develop skills well. Moreover, parents should make their children learn to be independent.

<start>In today's world, parents want their children learn more knowledge and understand the knowledge clearly, so they find private tutors to help their kids to realize these goods.
There are many students who are very good. Many students who are not good enough feel stressful. So their parents look for private tutors to make them become better. Recently, private tutors are very popluar for middle school because of the stressful study and strong competition amony the people who were the same age as them.
Although the pupose of inviting private tutor is good, there are still some disadvantages. First, it will make students rely on others no matter how easy the problem is. They still don't want think about by themselves, maybe they think private tutor will help and teach them. It is bad for students to improve their own ability to face and solve problems. Second, some students don't like private tutor, they can do their job perfectly by themselves. Students need a room to develop themselves. They should be independence. Third, some students will not listen to teacher in class because they think they can learn it by the help of private tutor.
But there is some benefits of finding private tutors. They can help students to learn more knowledge.
So in my opinion, if finding a private tutor rely on if you need. You should think carefully.

<start>Nowadays, parents are more concerned about their children's study and private tutoring become more and more common.
Parents believe that private tutoring is a very effective way of learning. Actually if they treat it properly, it will be very helpful.
The tutor should know which subject his or her student is not good at by talking to the parents or his or her student. As a result the tutor can spend most time on teaching that subject and the student's ability and knowledge of that subject will improve soon. The tutor's students will be only one, thus the student can make full use of time to learn and he can ask the tutor for help while meeting with problems.
However, every coin has two sides, private tutor will have side effects as well. If the students are assigned too much homework, they will feel very tired to tackle with it. Gradually, they will lose the interest in study.
In my opinion, private tutoring is a effective and useful way of learning, if the children are willing to learn and have proper time to play and relax.

<start>It is common phenomenon that children have a private tutor, even more, Chinese parents always worried about their children's education, so that they can live in a poor condition to save money for private tutors. So more and more children have private tutors.
At school, teachers can't tackle all student's need. However, private tutor have enough time to know the situation of every student. There are disadvantages, also, students may put emphesisp on what private tutors tell them, but neglect knowledge learning from school.
In my opinion, it is not so useful to have private tutors. If the child is interested in studying he need not a private tutor and he can do well in studying. The time that private tutor teacher is short. Children cannot learn enough knowledge. The important thing is to make children have interest in studying.

<start>These days private tutors are very popular. In order that their children can get better educated, more and more parents tend to searching for a good private tutor. This phenomenon reveals the competition in educating children to some degree.
Private tutoring can surely benefit children. Private tutors can spend all his work time in only one child, thus the child can make a better understanding of what has been taught.
But it seems nowardays that the school education has been a heavy task for students, private tutoring may make them burden too much, on the other hand, only wealthy family can afford private tutors.
In my opinion, private tutoring is not that necessary

<start>Nowadays, it becomes very common for parents to hire a teacher for his(her) child. Because people pay more and more attention to the education. And the education is playing a more and more important part in modern society.
On one hand, hiring a teacher for children can improve his study to some extent. It can also make them get a good mark in the exam and be admitted by a good university.
On the other hand, child may not concentrate on what the teacher says because they have a teacher at home. What's more, hiring a teacher itself cost a lot of money and it will be a burden to some parents. 
In my opinion, I think parents shouldn't hire a teacher for their child if their child can learn by himself. but if it is difficult for their child to learn well without help, parents can hire a teacher for them.

<start>In the modern times, there are more intense competitions, especially in school work. In china, almost every person will take the college entrence exam. So, in order to give their children an advantage over others, many parents employ private tutors for their children, no matter how much they will have to pay. So it's very common to have t tutor in a Chinese family.
Of course, one thing always has its advantages while it also bring many disadvantages. Private tutoring also has its advantages and disadvantages. Private tutoring can help children learn many thing that other kids may not learn, thus helping their children go in advance, before others. And because the teacher has only one student, he or she can express his or her idea very clearly. But the Private Tutoring may contribute to the children's dependence, which may cause them very lazy being lack of creative things.
So in my opinion, since Private Tutoring has advantages and disadvantages, we should treat it critically, we can make use of it benefits and try our best to avoid its negative aspects. So in this way. Private Tutoring can adapt to the society and give us benefits.

<start>Nowadays, it is popular to private tutoring to improve children's grade.
On the one hand, private tutoring can improve students' grade. On the other hand, it occurs too much resting time of students.
I don't agree with private tutoring for each student. It is only necessary for some students who can not reach the average level. For other students who are up level, it can only make them tired and kill their interest of study.

<start>Now, It is common to see parents find some family teachers for their children. The reason is very easy because they want their son or daughter to be the best. And the good effects are obvious. First, the students can know well of what they have learned with the help of their family teachers. Second, the teachers will tell them something not taught in class so that children can open their eyes. Third, students have more time to ask and to think.
But every coin has two sides. It also has some bad effects on students. First of all, their learning tasks will be heavier, students will be more tired. Then, some students don't tell students right things which make them puzzled.
As my point of view, what parents do is always good for their children, but the children may not like it. If so, they may don't like study at all. Therefore, before looking for a family teacher, ask your children first.

<start>Because of the College Enternce Examination plays, the phenomenon of private tutoring is normal now.
However, on the one hand, having a part-time job, college students can make some money to support their lives. Meanwhile, students still in middle school can attain the direct enperence of examination form college students, which help them obtain great grades.
On the other hand, with the help of 'teacher', youngs students think by themselves less, leading to that they are less oreatiue . The more be taught, the less effort the make to think the solution for themselves over and over. Moreover, the college students have to spent a lot of time to prepare the class which will waste their time to study their own lessons.
As far as I'm concerned, the private tutoring can help students study, but it shouldn't be too much more. Students should have more ability of self-reliance rather than obtaining help from others. Only learn by themselves can the harvness the real knowledge and learn well.

<start>Nowadays, many students that have low scores have a teacher or some teachers to teach them, even some good students have their own teachers, too. All of these students have only one goal to have a good or better scores. Some teachers are wanted by students themselves and others by their parents.
There are actually some advantages to have a teacher. for example, students can have a deep understood on their study and they may have a good score. But there are even more disadvantages. Students will lost the ability of doing things themselves and loss the confidence. Both of these two are more important than a good score.
So, in my opinion. Students best not have a teacher for themselves, in this way, they will have many good abilities and have a better future.

<start>There is an increasing and general topic that many parents prepare private tutoring for their kids. However, to this topic, different people have different thoughts, based on the results of the private tutoring.
On the one hand, many parents don't have highly education, so they choose to have a tutor to help their kids. They insist a view that while their children doesn't understand what their teachers said on the class, they could consult from their tutors. So that they wouldn't lose the pace of their class.
But on the other hand, their kids would lose their independence, for example, when they are faced to a question, firstly, they think about where his tutor is, instead of figuring it out on his own. Moreover, some tutors cost so much, which results in a heavy family's afford, just because they love their children.
So in my opinion, I have three aspects to claim. Firstly, as for the students. I think they should do their best on the study, hard and interestd. Next, I suggest the teachers should concerntrate their students more often and help them on the weakness. Last but not the least, parents can not let their kids depend on the toturs and they should let the toturs understand what they really need and let their kids know what they have to do.
All in all, every has two side, we should use the better.

<start>As far as I see. Private tutoring is more and more popular with people. In order to let children have a better future, most parents are willing to pay nigh to get private tutor to help their children learn better.
In my eyes, every thing has two sides. The advantages are as follows. First, children can get more advice and information, so they can learn well at ease. At the same time, tutors always have an awful lot of esperience, so that they can help children overcome falses and develop a good habit of learning easily.
Of course, the disadvantages are also existing. Firstly. It takes children much time to get the help of private tutor, which, may lead to children's disliking learn. In the meantime, there are both good and bad private tutors. If you unluckly get a bad one, he may do great harm to child and you also waste money and the time and future of your child.
In my opinion, you should make different detiminations according to different situation. If your child is working hard and his grade is good, you needn't have a tutor. Of course, if your child's grade is too bad, you'd better have one. Meanwhile, the advice of your child is also important!

<start>Nowadays, private tutoring became more and more popular among the Chinese families. For the reasons known to all, parents or children themselves hope to master the knowledge completely in order to get a higher score in exams.
In facts, each coin has two sides. At one had, it provides a private teaching atmosphere in which the siggestius offered by teachers may seems to be aimed to the individual weakness. Therefore, students can learn in a more sensible and high-efficient way. On the other hand, it also reduce the opportunites for children themselves to work out the problems and make the study plan on their own. Such self-reliance is much valued in modern societies. Meanwhile, the out come isn't always. So maybe large quantities of time and money were spent without ideal outcome.
In my opinion, the selection rights should be given to the children themselves. And then they will learn things in a positive way according to their real learning stage and situation, which not only help them promote their grade in exams but also cutivat the quality of independence.
To sum up, private tutoring will be beneficial only when we take each aspect into consideration. And only through hard work can we make life a splendid one.

<start>Nowadays, many parents want a house teacher for their students to get higher marks. It's a common things in city regardless of the feeling of children.
House-teaching have its advantages and disadvantage. It is sure that children can get more knowledge through it, but we ofter can't distinguish which is suit for us. We are hardly to make a choice because of afraid of be cheated. In addition, most children is very object to house-teaching, they think it their frem time to play. Even through parents employee a house teacher children may not study very hard.
In my humble opinion, house-teaching is a good way to know more. If we can get a good teacher, we can not only learn knowledge but also the thought from him.

<start>Nowadays, the phenomenon that parents hire teachers or college students to give their children private tutoring become more and more popular. Many parents force their children to attend private tutoring classes, without concerning how tired their children are.
The parents think the private tutoring will help the children with the subject they are not good at and hold a good rank in the class.
However, some pros argue that as students, they need to develop other skill like marking friends, cooking and washing more than study. They need time to do this. But the private tutoring takes up too much time of them. Some students even have limited time to sleep! This is very harmful.
In my opinion, the phenomenon results from the love parents place on their children. But parents should put the love in a right way. If they needs, it is good idea to send them for private tutoring. If they don't, parents should let them to arrange their spare time to do some other things.

<start>Nowdays, there are more and more parents employ private tutorings teaching their children at home. It has became a common phenomenon, especially when the child doesn't have a good grade.
There is no doubt that private tutoring has its advantages. Private tutoring can help students improve their students, they can open students' sight and teach students something they couldn't learn from school as well. And at the same time, a private tutoring only need to care one student so that they put all their attention on this student, it is much better than sitting in a big classroom, listening to teachers with so many classmates.
On the other hand, it also has disadvantages. The child may rely on his prive tutoring. He may ask private tutoring for help as soon as he meet some difficult questions he may lose the good habit of thinking. And it is really expensive to employ a private tutoring.
In my opinion, the private tutoring is necessary. We couldn't think of a question carefully enough, the private tutoring can find out where we failed to thim. They have the same purpose with us, improving our studies. As long as we study with private tutoring, thinking more, asking more we'll have good grades.

<start>Nowadays, with a sharp competition in studying, it's very common to ultilize private tutoring. 
However, the popularity of private tutoring, of course, has its own reason. It must have as many advantages as it deserves, or it couldn't get into fashion, could be the function that it helps to review after class. More details are overlooked because of the lack of practice in my life.
Every coin has two side. Private tutoring may also make the student develop a sense of relying, which leads to a lack of concentration in class. Moreover, it costs a lot.
As far as I'm concerned, I'm absolutely in favor of private tutoring, because it gets me some money. Though I will never employ one.

<start>Nowadays, the deeds of employing a private tutor for kid its quite  popular among parents. They harmy to universities or educational agencies to look for a tutor.
Of course, the private tutoring does contribute to the kid's study. While one teacher guides one child, he(she) can get more information and have a better understanding of what he(she) has learned. What's more, the teacher can work out a totally personal study schere for the child, which is quit more appropriate. However, the payment is not a small amount. While obtaining more resources, the family has to cut dowm the expenses in other aspects otherwise it would be a heavy burden. At the same time, personal guiding does not help to promote the ability of self-learning. Kids may get more dependent.
From my perspective, it's not good for parents to seek for private tutoring before thinking twice. Only when the chid's study is with too much problem should the parents do it. When study problem arises, parents and children should learn to so we it by their own, which contributes to the ability to learn. Asking for private tutoring at the apropriate time is the best choice.

<start>Nowadays, there has been a tendency that parents are more and more willing to find tutors for their own children.
Just as the saying that every coin has its two sides, private tutoring has its advantages as well as disadvantages. On the one hand, it's obvious that a child learn more attentively when he him alone is taught by teacher. if he comes across something difficult, he can ask the tutor for help at once, while in class, the teacher may not have the time to answer him. In this way, the student is sure to study more efficiently, which is that the parents want to see. On the other hand, private tutoring usually costs a lot so that many families can't afford it. What's more, whether the tutor is good is totally unknown.
So in my opinion, private tutoring is useful in some time. But it can't take the place of class teaching, which ism of course, the most important means of teaching.

<start>Today, it is common for parents to find private tutors to teach their children at home. 
In some parents' thought, private tutoring makes the teachers focus on the only child so he or she can learn attensively rather than wasting time in the public class. Meanwhile, private tutoring time makes it possible for teacher to find out the problems of the student in learning. On the other hand, private tutoring may develop a dependent thought in student so he or she is more likely to study with the help of the teacher rather on his or her own. And if the student is taught what is going to be taught in formal class, he or she is less likely to pay attention to what is taught in formal class. That isn't good.
In my opinion, I don't support private tutoring. I think it's enough to learn what is taught in class. To be more careful in class and it's useless to find a private tutor.

<start>At present, symptoms of private tutoring are easy to find. Both pupils and senior high school students  need tutoring. Because they need to get higher marks in the exams.
Private tutoring is becoming an important part of education. On the one hand, it's good for those students who can't learn well at school. In this way, they can improve their study  faster. Besides, some students can learn many new thing  different from school education. On the other hand, private tutoring has many bad effections . First, some teachers don't teach well at school and then they earn a lot by tutoring. The school education becomes bad. And the students won't have precise knowledge, which can make students learn wrong things.
Although, private tutoring has two sides, I hold the idea that the government should make private tutoring more scientific  and make sure that not everyone can be a tutor.

<start>With the rapid development of the society, it is apparent for every family to invate a private tutor for children. But why is it a popularity ? Is it really needed?
First of all, we can't judge everything from one aspect. On contrary , the association is always found between advantages and disadvantages . And then, I want to say something disadvantaged. It's said that Chinese lack of something that firegners  are full of, which is called independence. Taking this into consideration, we are expected to give children a peaceful space to that  they can think over problems, solve problems by themselves and it's a good way for them to develop indepence . Last but not  least, we can't ignore the advantages that a private tutor can bring. We can't forget that when studying, the children can't get kid  of  hard problems that they can't solve them within their capacities. As a result, a private tutor become very important at this time.
In summary, we must decide whether invate   a private tutor or not. On the base  of children's need. Only  by depence  on different conditions can we give our children a good study environment.

<start>During these days, more and more parents begin to find  tutors for there  children. There is no doubt that it's becoming common. However, is it good enough for children. 
A tutor for children can help him or her  learn some knowledge that the teachers said  in class. Besides, the tutor also tell  the children some efficient methods in studying. So that's  the advantages of finding  a tutor. 
However, there are some disadvantages for children. He will lose much time that he might use to play. He may begin to depend on the tutor and become lay . Worse more , He might lose the ability of thinking independently.
In my opinion, whether finding a tutor for children depend  on the children, but for most of them, it's wouldn't be necessary. It's enough to learn in class.

<start>Nowadays, private tutoring has become a tendency , which is most popular with students. Out of the concerns in their children's study, numerous parents have a great passion for inviting private tutors.
As for the phenomenon, some people are in favor of that. They think private tutors are skilled and knowledged in aiding students with their study. They may choose different ways to teach different students. Other tan  the school teachers' teaching way .
But in the meantime, others points  at the disadvantages in private tutoring. That is, if students rely on their private teachers too much, they may lose their independence in study, what's more, it's not good for their study in class.
In my opinion, the private tutoring has benefits and shortcomings. We should listen carefully in class and learn on our own. And if we consider it's necessary. We can invite private tutors. But most important , we should learn by ourselves.

<start>In order to make their children out standing or just keep up with their classmates, it is very common for parents to get a tutor nowadays.
Of course private tutoring benefits kids to a certain extent, which can help kids learn more, and learn better in study which really do good to their study and their future life. However, on the other hand, the private tutoring can bring affects . It is obvious that the extra classes will give children more tasks which heaven  their burdens very much, even worse , it may make children feel bored and kill their interest in study, and then the result could be quite severe.
Personally, as far as I can see, the private tutor should be considered carefully, it can be a great value if the time and tasks of the extra teaching are suitable, while the children's freedom and outclass interest are important in the meanwhile. And so what the parents should do is a good assignment of both. 

<start>Nowadays, many parents sent for  private tutors for their children. So, private tutoring is becoming more and more hot. Everywhere in a city you can almost see ads on private tutoring.
On one hand, private tutoring does good to the students, the tutors and the parents. Students get more skilled in solving problems with the help of tutors, which benefits their study. And at the same time, tutors receive good pays.
One the other hand, private tutoring seems useless or even harmful to a family. First of all, it cost lots of students so that students have little time to think independtly. They private tutoring is a heavy financial problem for a family.
In my opinion, I don't agree with the abuse of private tutoring. I think students shouldn't put all the attention to their study either in the school or at home. At least, they needs rest.

<start>Nowadays, it's common to see parents hire several tutors for their children. Numerous kids have private tutors through both grade and high school.
It's obvious to see the advantages. First, a tutor can solve your problems immediately, this is of more importance for children who are too shy to consult their teachers. Second, a tutor is only for you, which results in more suitable and useful education. Finally, a tutor's interest in one subject might have an influence on you.
However, there are also some disadvantages. First of all, a student with a tutor may be more liable not to solve a question on his own. What's more, private tutoring can bring about financial burden, and sometimes it can be a waste of time if the tutor you hire is not so professional.
In my opinion, you should depend on yourself and try not to hire a tutor unless it's necessary.

<start>It's common to find a home teacher for children. But is a home teacher really good for children?
It is true that some students can't dill with all of the knowledge in the school. Then a home teacher can teach them in their home so that they can understand the knowledge better. However, the home teacher prevent them from learning by themselves. A student must have the chance to learn how to learn by themselves. It's a very important skill in their life. A student who holds this skill can learn every thing well.
I think the home teachers are bad for students. We should allow students to have the chance learn by themselves.

<start>With the development of the society, the competition become more  than ever. So the parents, in order to not let their children fall behind others, often call for private tutoring. And now, it's becoming a common phenomenon.
Actually, private tutoring have some benifs. Children can get extra chance to learn the book better, and the one-one teaching wayis surely more exficent than the usual way. What's more, it can afford lots of jobs, and then develop the economic. But then, children have less time to pleasure, it's harm to their grow. At the same time, I think the class teaching is enough, the private tutoring is a waste. Also, it unfair to those poor students who could not afford private tutoring.
From my point of view. I don't support private tutoring. I think we should leave more time to students themselves, they know how to do well. If the students work hard enough, it's unnessarry for private tutoring. So I opposite to theprivate tutoring.

<start>Nowadays, more and more parents choose personal teachers to help their children with the class at home.
Learning from the personal teachers has many advantages. You can only at home to have a class. So that you can save a lot of time in the way to school at home. Above all, the teachers have only one student - you. They concentrate on you, effectively find your shortcomings an help you with it.
However, Learning from the personal teacher  has many disadvantage. Many of the personal teacher  are students who haven't graduate from theuniversity. They use their partime to make money. They may not care about the student they teach. And they often can't answer the question that the students ask.
As far as I'm concerned, the parents can chose personal teach to teach their children, but they had better not rely on their teaching.

<start>It has become a common phenomenon that a great amout of parents would like to ask private teachers to teach their child, and the benefit in private tutoring has become a hot topic.
To my part, I think private tutoring is a great way for child to accept more knowledge and for private teacher to comtribute to the society. Moreover, it is a good chance for some poor students to earn some money to suppose thier need.
On the other hand, some people think it is a waste for parents to ask a private teacher. They have to pay a lot for it. What's more, private tutoring may make thier child unindepent, they will not do thier homework on thier own anymore if there is a private teacher beside him or her.
Above all, from my point of view, children can benefit a lot from private tutoring, if they can control themselves well and develop a good habit of independence. 

<start>As we know, nowadays, hiring the private tutor for children is becoming increasely common. In terms of the trend, opinions vary from person to person.
In the views of some parents, the private tutors can do a great favor to the study of the children. They can help their children grasp what they have not understood in the class. At the same time, the private tutors can also play the role as supervisers . Thus, the children can pay more attention to their study. But there are also some people holding the different views. In their opinion, it will make the children so busy and tired. So much so that they have no time to relax themselves and do what they are interested in.
As far as I'm concerned, no matter how great the private tutoring is, or how bad it is, they are just the views of the adults. Perlasps, we should pay attention to the children other than their parents. If the children think the lessons are too hard to understand, maybe they need help how. But if they think they cope with the study by themselves, what the parents should do is to allow, even create conditions to help their children do what they really like, instead of hiring the private tutors for them.

<start>Nowadays, private tutoring is becoming more and more popular. Many parents think it does good to their child's study. At the same time, there are much heated discussions on whether or not parents should do so.
Some people hold the opinion that private tutoring can inspir the children to study harder and the students can also make clear of the knowledge that they don't understand in lessons. So the students will improve their grades. While some people think that private tutoring costs lots of money and the students will lose the ability of thinking indepeddent. It does harm to students' further study.
In my opinion, private tutoring is not good. If the student has some problems of study, he can ask help for the teachers or classmates and then think independent. So private tutoring isn't necessary. 

<start>As to the current education situation of china, many parents have the increasingly ordinary of private tutoring. Personally, it's needless to just support or just reject it, for private tutoring presents us drawbacks as well as merits.
On one hand, we take advantage of private tutoring which is an effective way to improve our grades. Communicating with a teacher face-to-face helps us clear what we have learned as well as what we have to learn we can ask the teacher to concentrate on our week subjects. Conversely, the teacher can get what we need most and to choose the best way to drive us home. Additionally, we can ask the teacher to repeat the question again and again without considering others' feeling. Not only is the way comfortable but also save time.
On the other hand, private tutoring had some disadvantages as well. For one thing, it costs a large sum of money that not every family can afford. For another, the student will lack competitive sense without comparing with others.
All in all, private tutoring is an existence, reasonably. We can choose that way to learn, vice versa. What we must do is to take to very obligation to shoulder the very considerable weight of educated adulthood in the future, no matter how we approach the ulminate goal.

<start>Nowadays, it's a common phenomenon that parents employ private teachers to teach their children. So, it is good or it is bad?
To look at the advantages of private tutoring, the biggest to parents is maybe the rise of grades. Of course, every parent want to see so. And at the same time, kid can learn more or learn what they've learned better.
The bad sides of private tutoring are also very numerous. At first, the private tutoring will take a lot of children's spare time, during which they they can learn a lot that cannot learn in class. And for some good students, it's just a waste of time.
In my opinion, it should be done separately. For some students, they can't learn well only in big class. They need private tutoring to gurantee that they can learn afterwards. And for some students they can study very well or just OK. They can spend spare time doing things they interested in. it's better for them Parents should be wise.

<start>Nowadays, Private Tutoring is more and more popular among students in junior and senior high. Parents are so care about their children's study and they are afraid of them left behind, so they choose Private Tutoring in spite of spending a lot of money. But whether it is necessary or not for students is a point that deserves discuss.
Apparently, there are a lot of benefits. Students can learn what they missed on the class, and know better about the study point. So, it is a good way of raising your score and passing the exam. On the contrast, it may cost parents a lot of money as well. Further more, the spare time of students would be less and less. That's not good for their development.
In my point of view, I just be opposed to the Private Tutoring. Since we can learn what we should learn well in the class, why should we spend extra time on that? We should use our time more efficiently. The grade is important, but we should learn more than books in school.
Since we can avoid the system of education, private tutoring is suitable for existing. Whether take it of not depends on your own idea. That's what I want to say.

<start>Today, the stress of the College Entromce Examnation is becoming stronger and stronger and stronger. Many parents had to send for teachers at an expersive price. When you walked on the strect, you could always find advertrsement of the private teachers on the wall or something.
Send for a private teacher is good for the students to study in some part. If you can't understand what the teacher taught in the class fully, you can ask your private teacher to put you across the knowledge. It's good in this condition, but every coin has its two sides. It will make you lazier that you didn't want to use your brain to solve the problem. In this way, you'll lose your ability to think gradually, it's so dangerous.
I think to send for a private teacher isn't necessary. If you had problem in study, you can ask the teacher for help or discuss it with your classmates. And the cost of send for a private teacher is so expensive.

<start>At present private tutoring is a very common phenomenon. In fact, it is the parents' love for their childen. Parents want their children to be better for some reasons like the teachers in school is not good, or children themselves don't like to study at all, they search for the private tutoring.
Private tutoring is a two-side sword. In one aspect, it is truly effective for students to study. While the teachers in school have one hundred or more students to teach, they cannot give someone much attention, but the private tutors only have one or two students, they can help them more, and then students can get higer rades. It is good for children for parents, and also for tutors. In another aspect. It will lead the children pay less attention to teachers in school, and when most studats have private tutor, it is not good for schooling.
In my opinion, private tutoring has more good, because students are kids, they cannot control themselves sometime, when a private tutor helps him or her, it is not only for his or her study, but also do good to their development. Private tutors can help children know how to study. That's the most important.

<start>Nowadays, it is very common for parents to find a tutor for their children.
Because they think in this way, their children will learn more knowledge, and do better in studies. Of course, with the aid of tutors, the children can review their lessons during the day after class. And they may have more chances to get a satisfying grade in their texts.
However, they will lose a lot of time to study by themselves, which may bring about less creativeness. Furthermore, they may not have a high intelligence.
Personally, private tutoring have both advantages and disadvantages. And it has more disadvantages. Because if they do without a tutor, they will be more independent. And they will take an active part in thinking up ways to solve problems that confuse them. They will acquire more knowledge and experience which can't be taught by a tutor.
Different people have different tastes. It all depends. That's just my humble opinion.

<start>Recently, it is very usual for parents to hire a hometeacher to teach their children. In their minds, such a teacher can solve their children's problems more utterly. Despite the popular home teachers, there exist many people who oppose to home teachers while others think high of phenomenon.
The opposers hold the belief that with a teacher to teach them at home, the children won't attach significance to school learning. Can home teaching be more effective than that of school. And many home teachings are arranged on weekends and other holidays, which is sure to cut down the time to relax. As far as the others are concerned, home teaching cannot only assist the children learn, but also give opportunitive to collegers to earn money and improve themselves. Isn't it the saying that one stone kills two birds?
In my eyes, every coin has two sides. But I'm more of the opposer. I think it is the ability of self-learning that affects a man more, home teachers being in the way of the children's becoming independent.

<start>Today, more and more parents hire the private tutors fir their children and this phenomenon becomes very common at the moment. Absolutely, there are advantages and disadvantages for private tutoring.
The advantages are that the children can receive more efficient education and have more chances to ask questions to the teachers through this way. Besides, it can make the teachers know better about the children and then decide how to teach them well. Conversely, there are a lot of disadvantages for private tutoring. through this way, many students lose the opportunity to develop the habit of thinking independently and it takes their much time to do other meaningful things. In addition, it will cost much money to hire a private tutor.
In my opinion, it is unnecessary to have a private tutor. The best way to study is listening to the teachers carefully in the class and think  the questions ourselves after the class. We needn't hire a private tutor just because other families do it.

<start>As more and more parents realize the importance of education, private tutoring is very popular nowadays.
There are some advantages of private tutoring. it can be more convenient for students to ask for help when they encounter difficulties in study at home. What's more, it can ensure that the students are not wasting time when they study at home.
However, students may not feel like solving problem b themselves. They may lose their self-reliance in study. Moreover, they may not be as efficient at school as those who don't have tutors, because they can learn it after school.
In my opinion, we student shouldn't rely on tutors. We can make good use of the resource at school and try to think the problems over by ourselves. In this way, we can learn better.

<start>Nowadays in our country, as the pression of study became more common in our daily life, private tutoring has became a necessary party of every students life.
To the student, the private tutoring has two opposite effect. On the advantage side, it may let the students understand the books or class in the day time much better than others. It may let him know how to solve the problems directly without misunderstanding. Saving times maybe the biggest benefit, students can have time to learn something much deeper or the things he love such as art, music. However on the disadvantages side, it may let the student rely on it so much that he may not concentrate on the class, with the thought of learning it at home. Besides, the teacher parents employed may not be the teachers with much experience, this way make the student cannot do the study better than the once under the school teachers direct.
Well in my view, private tutoring may be helpful, but it can't be the most important part of the students' daily life.

<start>Nowadays, it's common to call for private tutoring for children, which in parents' view is of great benefits to their children.
In my opinion, private tutoring may have positive influence on children. If children cannot understand the knowledge and have the desire to work hard, private tutoring is bound to improve their study. However, it also give children the thought that they can rely on private tutor so they may not work hard in school, which is the most important part during study. To those who don't work hard in study, private tutoring just a way of wasting money. Because if a child doesn't work hard in study. Private tutoring is just a way of wasting money. Because if a child doesn't have the desire for knowledge, nothing can motivate him to make progress.
In my opinion, I don't support this behavior. Students should develop skills to study by their own, not relying on others, such as private tutors.

<start>As we all know, in order to make their children study better, more and more parents tend to employ some teacher to help their children with their study.
There is no doubt that the teachers can help the students solve some problems that confused them and tell them some ways to deal with study. Thus, it may progress the children's study. But we must be aware that this has taken up the students' free time. They have no time to relax themselves and it also puts more burdens on them.
In my opinion, I don't think employing teacher particularly is an informed decision. Whether students study well depends on themselves. If one doesn't want to study, no matter what measures the parents take, he or she still makes no progress. Besides, many problems can be solved in school. And we should give them some time to rest.

<start>It's very common to pay for a private tutoring for kinds, usually who are facing difficulties with their study work. Parents are also find some teachers to teach their children which they're about to learn in order that they may have advantages to whom not involved in private tutoring. the kind of learning means is becoming more and more popular now.
Private tutoring is undoubtly helpful to those who are struggling with their study. It's a way to help them learn fast. And sometimes the children who learn before others get good grades too. It seems that I also should pay for a private tutor to teach my future child. But there are some important problems we can't take unseriesly. The children may not listen to the teachers carefully at class because they know that they can learn it again. And they students who has learn the knowledge before may not pay interest in the significient details of the subjects. And it costs a lot of money to pay for the tutoring. it's also a waste of work! If a teacher teach one student, who help those who don't have chance to go to school?
So, we must forbid the bad habbit. I think good students should learn by themselves and those who are not good at studying should get help from their school teachers.

<start>With the rapid high development of modern education, a new job, private tutor, has been got more and more attention. Many parents want to find a good tutor to help their children become more competive in the future society. On the other hand, college student need the job to get through their living problem like some of my classmates.
Tutoring can be benefit to the both parts, which I have to admit. Students can get promoted and tutor has the inccount. But when we look at this project at the other espect, it enlarges both of students and tutors' pressure in study. What's more, not all the tutors in the market are good enough, which maybe lead to unexpected consequence.
So in my opinion, private tutoring can be recommened as a good job, but the most important thing is that find  a tutor who is good enough to achive the goal, besides, for the tutors, finding employer is also difficult because of considering their ability. They should know clearly what they can do.

<start>As the society developed, more and more parents pay attention to the education of their children. It's common, nowdays, that parents call for private tutoring.
In terms of private tutoring, undoubtly, it can help students when they failed in their class. At the same time, private tutoring provide a proper way for students to make up their study when they confront differiculties, in doing their homework.
Nevertheless, private tutoring also have some disadvantages. For example, children might not have enough time to do what they are interested in for the private tutoring take so many time, which would do bad to their future development. In another side, private tutoring would break the blanance of education between the rich and the poor.
In my views. I argue that parents should be reasonable when considering to choose the private tutoring. for our student, self-reliance is important for our future. Parents should aware of the necessary to make their children become independent in their study.

<start>Now, many parents hire private teachers for their children. This practice is becoming more and more common. 
On one hand, private tutoring is good. It's convenient for students to have class at home. What's more, students who have a private teacher can ask what they don't understand if they didn't catch what the teacher said in the day time. Some private teachers are also students in university. They can earn money to release the living stress.
On the other hand, private tutoring has its shortcomings. Parents have to work hard to pay the private teachers, because of the expensive fee. Students may not listen carefully in class, thinking they can study again at home. They have less sleeping time because they study late into night. As a result, they can't focus on their study at class.
As far as I'm concerned, it's not necessary for us to have a private teacher. What's more important is to learn carefully in class. We should save money because our parents work hard.

<start>Now, it is quite common for a parent to hire a private tutor for his child. And it's not strange to see that once student has to study with his tutor every weekend. But is it helpful for the students?
On the one hand, private tutoring can be useful. If you have some problems too difficult to solve for yourself, you can turn to a tutor for help saving a lot of time. Tutors are also very patient to teach something you don't know well in the class. But on the other hand you may get used to asking for help instead of thinking independently. Day after day, you might loose some kind of ability to ability to solve problems by yourself. Also you may not listen carefully in the school as you can learn at home with your tutor.
In my opinion, we should get a balance of private tutoring. We should learn to learn by ourselves at first and solve problems without help. If we still have difficulty doing with it after many effects, we can ask our private tutor for help, instead of wasting time. In this way we can learn better with less time and more abilities. And that is what we need, isn't it?
In a word, we should learn to learn by ourselves, sometime by the help of a tutor at first.

<start>Recently, in order to improve their children's grades, more and more parents employ some teachers or students as their children's private tutoring. Some students even have teachers of all the subjects.
Having a private tutoring has both advantages and disadvantages. Spending extra time to study at home under the help of teachers will make up for your shortages of the knowledge. The students can solve the problems through the private tutoring and drive them home. The teachers can even give the students some exercise. However, private tutoring has it's shortage. The students may not study at class or listen to the teachers carefully just because they have the private tutoring at home. They will waste the best time to acquire knowledge, and depend on their private tutoring. It violates what their parents expected.
I think private tutoring is not necessary. Our students should make good use of our school time and try our best to learn, rather than depand on the private tutoring. Just think what can't you learn if you understand all the problems in class?

<start>It is quite normal nowaday for parents to charge one or more private teachers for their child.
It is obvious that private tutoring will do good for the child's study because private teachers pay all their attention to one child so they know the child very well so that they can give him or her directions precisely and effectively. Nevertheless, just like a coin has two sides, private tutoring also brings several bad things. For example, it's quite important for a child to learn how to learn all depend on himself but not always follow the teachers. And private tutoring also brings extra pressures to the child. It may occupy his or her free time even sleeping time so it's harmful.
For my point of view, private tutoring is not necessary. What's most important is to make better use of school time and gain the skill of self-study. Those are also two points that will make a student outstanding.

<start>In order to enter a good colleage, we, student, should study hard and get a high score in that examination which we hate. And there is a problem. Even we study hard some of us can't get the score he or she wants. So parents may pay for Private Tutoring. 
Private Tutoring is common in China, many parents will kind a private tutor for their children. Private tutors can help children improve their score and also some skill of how to learn knowledge. What's more, if students miss something important in class they can turn to private tutors.
On the contrary, some one against private tutoring said that it will develop children some bad habits such as rely on others.
In my opinion, we must study hard in class, even though we have something puzzied we can ask teachers or discuss with our classmates. There is no need to ask for a private tutor. 

<start>Being a top student is the dream of every teenager, so that private tutoring is increasingly popular, as a result, increasingly common. 
It's true that some students really improve their lessons by hiring a private tutor. So it's reasonable to say that private tutoring has some advantages. You can learn better in an easier way especially when the tutor is experienced. Despite the advantages, some problems still exists. Once you rely on your private tutor, you may not work so hard at school. It forces you to rely on the hired tutor, you may not work so hard at school. It forces you to rely on the hired tutor more and will heave do without him.
In my opinion, it's benefit for us not to hire a private tutor for such a tutor is not always available on all levels of study. We should try to learn by ourselves and learn from our classmates, not a private tutor.

<start>Now, it is quite normal to give child a tutor. 
Firstly, it has some advantages of course. For example, tutors will teach children patiently so that the children may improve their grades. Besides, tutors will also give them some other knowledge to enlarge their eyesight.
However, it also has some disadvantages. As we all known, nowdays, the students' have many tasks, they need to do homework, do research, practice their skills and so on. The only free time is the weekends and holiday. Having private tutors means that they lost their free time and have to do more. So they may be very bored and tired, even don't want to study any more.
So, as I see it. I think having private tutor is not necessary. If your child want to study, he can still study hard on the weekends or the holiday without tutor. When they are tired, they can also have a relax. I think this may be better.

<start>Private tutoring is becoming a more and more popular way to improve students' studies in our society nowadays, for every parent want their sweethearts to study better and sometimes school teaching is not enough for some students.
It is sure that private tutoring always functions because a tutor just teaches several students. With private tutoring, students can enjoy more teaching sources from their tutors, hence they can promote their studies.
But at the same time, private tutoring will take a long time and much money and sometimes it is just a waste. Students can't get enough time after school to relax themselves. So usually, they are not willing to study once again.
In my opinion, taking private tutoring or not just depend on oneself. If you can do well in your school's study, it is not nessary. But if you want more promotions and your family can afford it, it is a good idea to have private tutoring. Above all, students should work hard. Hard working is the best way to improve their studies.

<start>Nowadays, more and more parents employ private tutors for their children in order to make their children study better. It's so popular that some experienced tutors get a high payment which seems unreasonable.
Opinions are divided on this question. Some people support the idea. When it comes to employing tutors, they think it'll surely improve children's grades and makes children be well prepared for a brighter future. Moreover, the time children spend on study will be longer so that they are less likely to play outside to make some unexpected trouble. Most important of all, the competition becomes more and more tough with the development of the modern society. It's impossible for a person to lead a happy life without knowledge. So employing tutors makes parents see the glimmers of the help that their children lead a happy life in future.
However, some people show their objections to this idea. In their opinions, employing tutors will make children learn causually when they are at school, so it will decrease their efficience of study. What's make, playing time is cut down, it is harmful for children to develop a creative mind, which was terrible.
With regard to myself, parents had better not employ tutors for their children, because it's important for children to have a free and happy childhood

<start>At present, making a family tutor is a common phenomenon. Parents usually want to make their children study better and they think to make them study harder attachs to make them study better, so they spend a lot of money to do this.
This do have some benifits. Students spend time after school what they usually spent on playing basketballs watching TV this time on studying. And they don't need to think themselves to do their homeworks because the "teachers" help them at which part is important. What the kids need to do is to do what the "teachers" let them to do. So you see, they do not think actively and independent. What's more, the most important parents forget is that they are kids. If we put too much pressure on them too early, it will do some harm to their growing up.
At last, I think we should do some change to save the little kids to do private tutoring.

<start>Nowadays, it is very common to find more and more parents tend to look for private tutors for their children. 
Views on this phenomenon are devided. Some hold the opinion that private tutoring is good for children's studies. Many students can't always fully understand what is taught in classes. And sometimes they can't solve it themselves. But with private tutors, students can get help immediately. Besides, when parents are busy and don't have time to check students' homework, private tutors can be of great help. However, others stress its disadvantages. If a student has a private tutor, he may tend to listen carelessly in classes, for he thinks he has a tutor and he doesn't need to listen to this teachers. What's more, if a student turns to his tutor for help the moment he comes across a problem, he can hardly make progress.
In my view, everything has its advantages and disadvantages. Though private tutoring has some disadvantages, we can't think it is bad just for this. And what we can't deny is that private tutoring is really helpful to students. So, as long as we hold right attitudes towards private tutoring and use it as a tool to make progress, we can benefit more from private tutoring.

<start>With the development of China, more and more Chinese put attention to education. Thus, it's very common that more and more parents employ private tutors to help their children make progress in studying.
Obviously, this phenonmenon has many advantages. First, many poor college students can earn money by teaching others, which can help them complete their study. Second, it gives a chance to students who cannot follow their teachers to catch up with others. What's more, people can make more friends and enrich their minds. But as everything has two sides, it also has some disadvantages. First, some students may think that there will be private tutors to teach them at home so they don't learn at school. Second, some family may feel tough because they can't afford it.
In my opinion, we should sponsor this phenomenon. Because it has many advantages. But we also should make sure that no one commits crime in terms of private tutors. And  ensure that tutors have the ability to teach by qualifying them, for example, we can train them.

<start>Nowadays, it is common to see that parents cost money to have a private teacher for their children. However, just like every coin has two sides, private tutoring also has its benefits and disadvantages.
Above all, it's of great help to make the student know where the problem is in his study. In school, the teachers have to be concerned about the general situation of the class and won't pay much attention to a particular student. Thus, if you have a private teacher, he (or she) will help you to find the knowledge you lack. What's more, if you are not good at summarising. Your private teacher will do this which may make you clear of what you have learned and improve your grades.
On the other hand, private tutoring also have many disadvantages. For instance, it may make student depend too much on his private teacher, loosing the ability of self-reliance. Moreover, if the child couldn't get many benefits from the private teacher, it'll just be a waste of money.
Therefore, from my point of view, there's no need to have a private teacher. If you can listen to the teacher carefully in school and try to develop the habbit of studying on your own, the excellent score is at hand.

<start>Nowadays, more and more parents are willing to hire private tutors for the purpose to make their children stand out in studying.
The phenomenon has been wide spread for the reason that you can always find them on the campus when holidays draw near. It is obvious that with the tutoring of the private teachers their children are likely to achieve remarkable progress in study, which is exactly the purples they anticipate. On the other hand, the college students whose families are not well-off may find solutions to  their embarrassing financial situation by working as tutors during their leisure time.
However, we can't deny the fact that there are negative side that exist hand in hand with the positive influence. The children may form the idea that they don't have to study hard in school because their parents will undoubtedly hire tutors to help their study later. As a result, they may fall behind other students too much and can't catch up with them forever.
In my opinion, private tutoring is necessary for those who are not good at studying. In most case, students themselves should learn to solve the problems in study in school with the aid of their teachers.

<start>With the blooing of modern society and the rapid breakthrough of science and technology, the importance of knowledge doesn't need to say. As for many parents whose children don't do well in their study, private tutoring is the first maybe the only thing they can think of.
Obviously, private tutoring has some advantages. Because of its special way to teach students, it can help children to listen to the teachers more efficiently. And the teacher would be more concertrated on his/her only students, too. Extra exercises will also have effect on student's progress.
But I still don't think it a good way for students. Can you imagine a student who sleeps at school every class,  never do his/her homework, will try his best in private tutoring? there are too many private tutors, how can you  the one you choose is doing his duty or making his money but doing? It's too hard.
In my opinion, efficient study is much more better than long-time study. If you children's grades is not so good, you should communicate with them to trace the root, not find a private tutor immediately or even beat them. Which is useless. Believe it or not a student who has his study in his mind will never do bad in his class.

<start>These day, many parents looks for private tutoring for their children because of the desire to make their children learn well or learn more. After all, all parents wants their children to know more and be a good man.
But the Private tutoring has both good effect and bad effect. It can make children learn what they haven't learn in school and can learn what the have learnt but don't understood. But learning too much may make student more tired. It can also make student study not as hard at school.
I think when parent want to give their students private tutoring, they must ask the teacher in school and know enough of their children.

<start>Nowdays, many parents and teachers are focus on children's grade of texts. In order to get higher grade than others, many parents prefer to pay a large sum of money, prviding their child a family teacher. as I know, having family teacher is very common state amony my highschool classmate.
Some people think that is a good way for children's study. Firstly, a family teacher will take more care for only one child than the teache at classroom facing more than 60 students. Secondly, children can talk more with a family teacher, it is a very good way to learn.
But others disagree, they think that is a way waste of money. And can make children more lazy.
In my opinion, I think, we should have a right atitude towards this. To make a friend with a family teacher can learn more things.

<start>Nowadays, it is common to have private teachers for children. Many parents hope their children can study better and  good marks, so they pay for private teachers to teach their children.
Advantages of private tutor, can be obvious. Firstly, a private teacher is not like teachers in school. He only teach one child which will be much more useful to a certain problem several times until they have understood fully. Last but not the least, private teacher can teach something which is not taught in class so that children can learn more. However, the disadvantages of private tutor can be huge. On one hand, full day of studying can decrease children's interest in study and may cause mental disease. On the other hand, private tutor cost much. Some families can not afford. Also, if one child have his private teacher, other children's parents may worry that their children will lose at the beginning, within short time, every child will have a private teacher.
From my point of view, I'm against private tutor. I think childhood is valuable. It's time to play with other children, not to study with private teacher at home. Also, if a child is talented at study, there is no need to ask a private teacher, and if not, it's no use.

<start>Private tutoring become popular nowdays. Many parents choose to employ private tutors for their children.
The parents employ private tutors usually for two purposes. Some parents employ private tutors to teach their children after-school subjects, such as art, sports some parent employ private tutors to help their children study the subjects they have learned in school, for example, math, physics, English, etc.
For most children, the private tutoring can let them make progress in the subjects the private tutors have helped them. But private tutoring may cost many time. So the children who have private tutoring may be weak in other subjects.
 I think parents should choose private tutoring from the fact of their children. The private tutoring should make children fully-developed.

<start>As the quality of our life promote, more and more parents tend to employ private tutors, to help their children with their study.
But is it a perfect choice? We know private tutors indeed give a hand to children. They can solve some problems which children and even their parents can't. And they also make children study carefully before desks instead of get out and play for fun. Every thing has two sides. Having private tutors also get some trouble. When children realize that they will have another teacher waiting in home, they may not study well in schools thinking though I don't master these things I can learn these from my tutor. I think it's a bad news to parents. And what's more, nowadays, students have more and more pressures in school. If they will meet their private tutors on weekends, we can imagin how unhappy look they will have.
In my opinion, parents can employ private tutors when their children can't understand at of what the teachers say. If they learn very well in school, they must have a good way to study, they can learn well by themselves, so there is no need to have private tutors.

<start>Nowadays, employing a family teacher is very common. Lots of parents think that family teacher can help their children make full use of their talent to improve their grades. However, this kind of behavior has its advantages and disadvantages.
As we all know, most of family teachers are very smart and responsible to their job. So they can teach children they teach can benefit a lot from them. However, some family teachers only want to earn money. They don't have good methods and right learning habits. This may have a bad influence on children. What's worse, employing a family teacher will cost children's time and give children more stress, which is bad for children's study and growing.
In my opinion, employing a family teacher can do good to children and also do harm to children. So whether employing a family teacher depends on children themselves. If children can finish his work easily and want to study more, then a family teacher is a excellent choice. If children desire that they study by themselves, parents bad better not employ a family teacher. Only children make their own choice, will they do their best to do it well. What's more, children can make great progress in their study. So whether employing a family teacher should depend on children's choice.

<start>Now days, it's very common to have a tutoring for children in china. We can see that many parent think highly of having tutors.
However, every coin have two side. One the one hand, as many parents expect, tutors can help student to study better to a certain extent sometime. With a tutor, student can know clearly what is the importance and have a exclusive method to pick it up. And in some occasion, tutors can set a good example, students may study more enthusasticaly.
On the other hand, tutor often solve every problems that students meet, this phenomenon may do harm to student to frost their independence and initiative mind.  Relying so much on their own and may be afraid of study when their tutor is not around. What's more, there are some tutors don't have high qualities to guid students, hier them will not only waste a lot of money but also have bad effect on children.
In my opinion, as a common phenomenon, it's no doubt that tutoring can help students sometimes. Nevertheless, students must learn to study theirself, it will train them think more quickly which is more important than get only a key from the tutors to a certain. So, I suggest that parents should avoid heiring a tutor before thingking twice. But if their children don't know how to learn, heir a good tutor to guid them is the best way.

<start>Nowadays, many parents employ private tutoring to give help to their children on study. It is usual to find a child learning with the help of a private tutoring, or even more.
In terms of this phenomenon, to assess the effect of private tutoring on children, we should deal with it in different ways. It is illusory that a private tutoring can help a child with his study, he can make the child comprehended of the knowledge which was missed at class. On the other hand, a private tutoring can also pay attention to a child's learning progress and give advice.
However, many children rely to much on private tutoring and they don't pay full attention at school. There also exsits a phenomenon that a private tutoring who knows little actually waste the time of a child. 
In my point of view, we need to think carefully before we employ a private tutoring, if you're prepared to look for a private tutoring for your children, you must find one who is capable enough to fufill his assignment.

<start>Nowadays, a phenomenon is very common. Many parents find tutors for their kids. Some parents even don't care about the expensive cost.
Inviting tutors to teach their kids has effects of two sides.  First, the advantages are, the tutor can teach the child based on the child's intellectual condition and find a suitable way to make the child study, then the child can get good grades. Second, this way of studying is more efficient and can save many time, for instant, the child don't need to go out sides, then can save many time, as we all know, the transportation is always heavy. And I think the disadvantages deprive from the economy. Today's ordinary parents are not very rich enough, if they spend much money on inviting tutors, it is sure that the cost will be a burden for an family. And it will make the kids don't do well in school, because they can make it want do up after school.
In my opinion, inviting tutor is not a bad idea. For me, my parents had invited a tutor for me, and the cost is from my social work. So it didn't take my parents money much to pay the fare. So I partly support it. It benefits me.

<start>Now, it's a tendency that more and more parents send for Privite tutoring for their children.
Just like a coin has two side. Private tutoring also has its advantages and disadvantages. First it can improve student's knowledge and still can gain more intelligence. Second it help the child to have a higher score to enter a better university.
But then, it has its own short comings. First, the expence is very high and it enlarge a family's cost. Second, it make the child don't study hard in class, and they only depend more and more on private tutoring.
In my opinion, I think private tutoring is good but not necessary. If one can make full use of class  in the school, he can learn very well. Private tutoring is not essential, you can depend on yourself.

<start>As the educational system becomes more and more advanced, many parents are looking forward to employing tutors for their children, because without good education means a bad future. Attening a good high school and good university is regarded as the key to success, so tutors are becoming more and more popular.
Actually, tutors do bring help to your children, but your children may develop bad characters, they rely on tutors to solve the problem and fimily would bear heavy financial burden. But on the other hand, tutors are playing a important part in getting good grades.
In my opinion, it is better to rely on yourselves, because there will be complex situations in which you can't find anybody to help you in the future. Also solving problems by yourselves is true pleasure you may treasure. You can get more pleasure and knowledge through this way, then you may achieve the true goal of education!

<start>It is now very common for parents to find a private teacher for their children. There is no doubt that the needs of the private teachers will become bigger and bigger for the pressure of entering a good colleague. But I don't think it is good for the children.
A private teacher surely will help with the children's study. They usually teach their students the important parts of the book, the useful skill, and even how to make good grades in a test. They make it easier for their students to get good grades. They worth the pay.
Private Tutoring also has its disadvantages. First, it usually cost a lot of time for the students to have an extra class, so there will be less time for the students to enjoy what they like. Second, it sometimes makes study boring. Actually, studying is interesting, it is a way to know more about the whold world. Study is not just about marks. Third, it will causes big pressure on the family, for the private teacher is often expensive.
I think study is not just about the mark, it is more important to have the knowledge,  the way to study. Sure, some private teachers also teach their students these things. But the most important, the desire of the knowledge and the confidence of knowing the world could just come from the single try. If the private teacher costs them so much time, how can the students make a great progress with their own hands? So I think it is more important for students to learn themselves instead of withins the help of a private teacher.

<start>Undoubtedly, the recent decades have witnessed a great popularity of private tutoring, as parents attach far more importance to education.
There is no doubt that private tutoring can help children improve their study to a degree, as well as making they pay more attention to learning. However, some problems are born with the benefits. For instance, in most cases children are not willing to focus on study after school or in weekends, but they have to because of the command of their parents, which deepen the generation gap between children and their parents. Additionally, as study covers most of time, children have less time to develop their interest. 
From my perspective, the advantages of private tutoring out weight the disadvantages on balance. But when parents ask a private tutor, they should consider children's opinion.

<start>As students don't study hard and can't get good grades, finding a tutor for students is common now.
Finding tutors is a way to improve the study. There are some advantages and disadvantages. As for advantages, students can learn something different from the tutor. For example, some stratagies of solving problems and some thought. It can make him stand out in class. Also, he can learn again under the instruction of the tutor. In terms of disadvantages, it can develop a habit of dependence. He doesn't know how to learn when there is not a teacher around.
In my opinion, we can find a tutor when necessary. It means that we should have personal thought first. Then if the study is not so good, we can refer to a tutor for help. Remember, independence is important at any time.

<start>Nowadays, parents pay more attention on children's study in the expect of that they can get good grades and go to a pretly college. In order to achieve this point, they ask for home teachers. Now it obviously becomes a common to help students.
As a matter of fact, everything has two parts. As we can see, home teachers do help students in how to learn and how to answer a question for these who can't understand text easily. But, on one hand, it really needs a lot of money to pay . On the other hand, if people could not keep it a long time, it may won't work out. That's means a large amount of money to afford half a year or one year.
As far as I can see, I don't think it's a good way to develop study. In fact, the home teacher are always from the college. That doesn't mean that every college student can become a good teacher. Most of them do it because of the needs of money. In the meantime, students may not understand how they can find this way to solve the problem or what should they do in the find test. Teach how to fish  better than give fish. But most of the home teacher like giving rather than teaching.
So, if they have to ask for home teacher. I'd preper to real teacher to be home teachers.

<start>Nowadays, more and more students turn to private tutoring after their school time, and some students even ask several private teachers for study. But does private tutoring really make sense?
In my opionion, if you can study well at school, it's no need to turn to private tutoring. So, why not quit your private tutoring, and work hard at your school? I think your school teacher is not worse than your private tutor, and you should ask your teacher when you have any problems on studies.
Only when you have great trouble in study, and you have tried your best at school and still can't get any process, then private tutoring maybe a good idea. A private teacher may teach you at patience, and try his best to teach only you.
All in all, your study is determined by yourself. You should try your best to learn by yourself. If you get trouble, turn to your teacher. If you can't follow your teacher totally, then you'd better ask for a private teacher.

<start>It's normal for students to get tutors nowadays even through it costs a lot.
In some ways getting students a tutor is harmful to their study. Some won't histen to teachers carefully in class because they can make it after class with the help of the tutors. But in the other way, if students have someone to teach them privately, they can learn according to their own abilities such as those who are smart can study further students can also get those things which they don't understand in class across. They can learn something that the teacher won't teach in class.
For me, I am for private tutoring especially that in high school  if the family can afford it. Because the lessons are a little hard in high school and some students won't what the teacher says in class. In that case, if they have tutors to teach them, things will be much better. So I think it's a good way for students to improve grades.

<start>There is a more and more popular way of education in today's China society, it calls 'Home Teaching'. Actually, we don't have to be puzzled, it's just another form of private education, aiming to those elementary school or junior and senior high school students. With the more sevene competition in modern Chinese society, 'Home Teaching' can be seen everywhere in China.
As an alternative method of education, differing from the school education, home teaching can be more flexible and higher effective. Face-to-face teaching is easier for the education and the learner communicating adeguately , so it's a good way for the learner to comprehend the knowledge thoroughly. But in the other hand, there are several harmful influence in people's life-long learning. If there's a question, he'll never think it by himself but directly turn to others for help. So they'll never have their own thoughts.
My opinion to house educating is : it's just a way for emergencies, we should learn almost everything independently, because we cannot depend on others in all our life.

<start>Nowadays, it's generally acknowledged that knowledge is power. Along with this, employ private tutor for children is very common now. There are some tips for it.
As every coin has two sides. Private tutoring has some advantages. It's concieable that it strengthen our understandings. What's more, we needn't worry  having no chance to ask teacher question, as it's one to one path. In terms of efficience, it trends to be high efficient.
 However, there are also some disadvantages. Firstly, it surely will cost more money. So we should consider our wealth. Then, it will take up our free time activities. Take atrer class time for instance, you may have to study at the expense of not practicing the piano. Third it does harm to the cultivation of independent habit. Because only in a independent way, can we find ourselves' way to study.
All in all, so complex the case is, that different people have different choices. But in my opinion, if not necessary, we'd better not choose private

<start>Nowadays more and more parents tend to have home teachers to help with their children's study. And private tutoring is becoming popular.
As a result of poor study, many students can't deal with their homework independently hence, they read private teacher to help them. To a degree, it can help them to learn better, but on the other hand, the students may rely too much on the private teacher and as a result, they won't develop a habbit to think and study independently. This is harmful to their future. Besides, some students got private teacher so that they can learn extra knowledge and abilities. For example, some people learn to play plane with the help of home teacher. This can enrich their knowledge and bebefit their future.
In my opinion, whether to get private teacher or not depend on the student. If he think he has worked hard, but also can't catch up with others. It is necessary to invite a private teacher to dereat your children's study. And if he have learn the way to study. Efficiently. There is no need to got any private teacher. If the student is lazy and don't work hard, the private teacher is helpless.

<start>Nowadays, all the students has a hard time learning the things they learned at school and preparing for important exams. Many parents hire teachers to give their children a private tutoring.
Private tutoring is so common, especially in middle schools. It helps students to study well and get a better score. Even you are not the top students in your class, a private tutoring can let you have a deeper understanding of the things you learned than any other students. What's more, many college students get a chance to train themselves by doing part-time jobs as a private teacher.
But as every coin has two sides, private tutoring also has its disadvantages. It takes students too much time to study at home and there seems to be no time for students to do want they want. Students, especially Chinese students, are busy studying all day and it's hardly a good idea to let them have extra classes at home. Another important fact is, all the teachers have their own way of teaching. A private teacher and a teacher in school certainly teaches in deffient ways. Having classes from both of them is not always good for students to understand the knowledge. Last but not least, as many private teachers are just college students and have not teaching experience, having them teaching your children may be just a waste of time and money.
In my opinion, private teaching is not for everyone. Think carefully and ask your children before making a decision. If you still find it necessary find a good teacher.

<start>Nowadays, private tutoring seems more than common, it seems as if every student had a private teacher. Whether it is a blessing or a curse?
Some are in favor of this. As far as they are concerned, private tutoring can give the students extra chance to learn. Besides, in school, a teacher has to care about fifty or sixty students, it is easy to be necgleted, however, a private will never. Most importantly, as some say, if all others have, why we don't?
As every coin has two sides, private tutoring is of no exception. Other people just have the opposite opinions. They say, private tutoring is set for those who really needs it, not every one, what is the sense if you are the top student to hire a private teacher? And there is no denying it costs a lot money, which causes private tutoring more insensible.
In my points of view, after weighing the advantages and disadvantages, I feel the private tutoring is not sensible. As parents, they should care more about the private case, not hire  private teachers for private teachers. 

<start>With the development of the cruel completion of grades, more and more parents start to pay much attention to their children's study. Thus, the private Tutoring becomes more and more popular.
Private Tutoring can be helpful to the student's study. As everybody counts, they can help children make full use of their free time and they also can teach the children some special ways to solve the problems which their teacher doesn't refer to. Of course, a more important advantages is that they keep the children company and take care of them. 
As we all know, every coin has two sides. Private Tutoring also has  side effect on children. Let's think up this: where there is a clever man sit next to you and you can ask them questions in spire of whatever questions are, are they still willing to think of the question by themselves? This is the point I want to make out. Students may become lazy and don't go to think by themselves. It is dangerious! However, Private Tutoring may shorts the students free time. We have to be aware of that they need time to relax themselves and do something they really like. After all, It is nature of us.
In my opinion, students don't need private tutoring. The only way to improve their grades is to talk with them and let them know the importance of the study. I think you can try this way: let him che on a dream like the boy in my book who dreamed his great grandfather, grandfather and his own father, then he may know the importance of study.

<start>Nowadays, private tutoring for children is popular and common in every country of the world. The reason of that is because all the parents want their children to have a better future. But does it surely help?
For the answer. Some parents says "Yes". There is no doubt that tutor children in home can help them review the old knowledge, learn new knowledge. At last make great progress in their study, which definitely de benefit to them mentally. But how about the children. Would they give the answer "Yes"? In fact. Many children hates it, they regard it as a waste of time and no time for their interests then conflicts between children and parents come with it.
In my opinion, I approve of no private tutoring, children gust need to study hard in school. That is enough. What really help their succeed is their attitudes to knowledge instead of knowledge.

<start>It's a common phenomenon to have a private teacher for children, and it has advantages and disadvantages.
On the one hand, private tutoring is good for students. First of all, a private teacher can help you solve a problem which you don't know and tell you some good methods of learning. Then, he can help you sumarice the knowledge which you have already learned. Finally, he could be a parther for you and share you stress.
On the other hand, private tutoring also has its disadvantages. It can make you be lazy. 
From my point of view, I think any methods which can help us have a better grade is a good me, and we should learn some good aspects from-private tutoring. Last but not least, we should from the habit of learn by oneself and don't question everything to your private teacher.

<start>Nowadays, finding a tutor for children is a vary common phenomenon because of the high pressure of study.
Many parents hope that their children get good grades so they find a private tutor for their children. It may have great effect on their children. A good tutor might be a good example to learn. Meanwhile, the child can solve the problems at first time. Also, the tutor is younger then their parents and teachers. So they can communicate better  than  teachers and parents.
On the other hand, it might also result in some bad consequence. Some children may not listen to their teachers because they have tutors. That's a really bad habits. Also, if they meet hard questions, they may go to their tutors without long time thinking. Though they get the answer, they may do not understand the question.
In my opinion, the result determined by the attitude towards tutors.

<start>With the development of the society, knowledge becomes more and more important. In China, you grasp a high chance to acquice great knowledge and to learn well if you attend a famous or significant school. To reach the purpose, you have to pass many exams. Hence, getting a private tutor to help their children becomes the choice of a great number of parents.
As an old saying says, each coin has two sides. There is no exception for private tutoring. On the one hand, it can improve children's ability to study to some extent and offer the tutor some money to support himself. But on the other hand, it put more pressure on the children, who have no time to play, to relaxe and only are occupied in study, which obviously do harm to the children. In addition, it produces unfairness. Because only the rich family can afford to get a private tutor. The outcoming may be the rich becomes richer, and the poor poorer.
In my opinion, to get a private tutor is of no benefit to the development of the children's mental health. To get a good grade, we should study hard in school instead of home.

<start>At present the phenomenon that parents employ private tutors for their children is very common. On my last holiday, I became a tutor for the first time, and knew something about this job. But is it proporiate for parents to employ tutors?
The advantage of private tutoring is obvious. Above all, it can make students spend more time on studying so that they can get good grade. Beside, commuticating with tutors can fill their thinking and  experience. The last but not least, employing a tutor will give the parents more freedom.
But every coin has two sides. The disadvantages of private tutoring are unavoidable. Firstly, it will waste lots of money for a family. Secondly, children won't make full use of their school time to study just because they think they will study at home with the tutor. Finally, if parents have their children studying, children will be tired of it.
From the talking above we can draw a condusion, if children really want to study, they will try their best to search for time for studying instead of needing a tutor.
From my point of view, students should make full use of school time to study, and there is no need to employ a private tutor.

<start>It has become a normal phenomena that many parents hire tutors to teach their children's studies. We can often see that some students not do very good in school, and when they go back home, they often have their extra classes taught by their tutors.
Now, let me analysis the advantages and disadvantages about private tutoring.
Some students can't learn everything taught by their teacher well at school, so they can have some classes at home that can make them learn more and can get a good grade at school.
But every coin has two sides, we cannot take a blind eye to the one. On the other side, private tutoring can cause some problems. For example, your children will not listen carefully when they are having classes at school. It is not only cost your money but also weaken the ability to learn by self of your children. On this point, private tutoring is not a good choice.
The opinion on this phenomena varies from person to person. In my opinion, private tutoring is no necessary. When you are studying at school, you should be more intentive, And if you have some problems, just asking your own teacher after class. I believe that your teacher would be more responsible.
Above all, I appeal that parents should not hire tutors if their children have the ability to learn by themselves!

<start>In our life, it is very common to ask a teacher to teach your kids in your home. This is called private Tutoring.
Private tutoring really has some good advantages, it is good for your kids. They can ask any questions they don't know in anytime. Since there is only on student, the teacher can focus on kid. One teacher offer teach many students in school, he or she can't focus on your kid, it is really bad.
But private tutoring also has some bad effection. Many teacher doesn't teach your kid something, he or she just play with your kid. It is a great waste of money and time, and your kid doesn't learn anything. he just plays a lot of games and very happy.
To my oppoin, private tutoring can be very useful, but it isn't needed for every family. and a good teacher is very important. Aboull of all, your kid need to study very hard, and this is most important. Every parent want their kid have a beautiful future and study well, they want to give everything they have to their kid. but the method is very important! So, don't lose your way. 

<start>Nowadays, as the competetions in education have become more and more fierce, private tutoring becomes a common phenomenon. What is the effect of private tutoring on students, good or bad? The answer may not be concluded as a simple word.
On one hand, students differ from the abilities to acquire certain knowledges and new subjects. To keep up with others, students of lower learning abilities need to spend more time on their studies, and thus private tutoring is a good choice. With personal directions and tutoring, students can soon find their own way to solver certain problems. Based on individual analysis and directions, private tutoring is a good way to help students gain higher grades so as to keep up with others.
However, on the other hand, private tutoring may lead to some disadvantages. The lack of self-reliance and independent-thinking is a typecal example. The more tutors teach students, the less students think by their own. Thus, private tutoring has "reared" many students of highly grades and poor abilities. What's worse, private tutoring also makes the competetions among students become much more fierce.
From my point of view, I regard private tutoring as a negative way for children's education. Above all, the ability to seek one's own understanding and way to solve new problems is much more important than a simple high grade. 

<start>With the rapid development of the modern education, students today have bigger and bigger strair in their studying. Furthermore, with the competition among learners becoming crueler, finding private tutors for teenagers has become a common sight in our society.
Private tutoring does have a lot of positive effects. For example, we may feel it difficult to learn algetra or geometry. At that time we may chould obtain quantities of useful ideas to solve mathermatived problems by the private tutoring. Some students who are not able to grasp all the knowledge that teachers taught in class will have to turn to private tutors. So that they could catch up with the others. But on the other hand, private tutoring costs too much money. What's more, it only helps students catch up with the original tasks. But seldom develop the thoughts or open up their eyes. It's just a tool to get higher score.
As for as I'm concerned, it's OK to find private tutors. But we'd better depend on ourselves other than depending on the private teachers when studying. We have to be more self-reliance. Only then will we have a better habit of studying and working and get more chance to be successful in the future!

<start>Nowadays, children go to school and learn kinds of knowledges. But in parents' opinion, it is not enough. They want their kids win in the race of life and study more than other children. So they arrange children to many after-class lessons. It has been a common phenomenon to want private tutoring for children in society.
But before we make our decisions, we should know advantages and disadvantages of private tutoring. For example, private tutoring can bring students extra knowledge and improve their in-class studies. What's more, it is often a more useful way to teach face to face in term of private tutoring. But on the other hand, it will cost a lot money and put children stress. Even, children may lose interest in studying in class and hope they can learn it better by private tutoring. Of course, it is not a good phenomenon. We should look clearly in  private tutoring and our parents should make the correct determination.
In my opinion, I reject private tutoring. More often, private teachers' intension is earning money but not giving knowledge. And in most situations, we could study very well by ourselves. It may be no use to attend other after-class lessons. We should learn self-studying. Teachers and friends around us are also willing to help us. So I think there is no need to want extra private tutoring.

<start>Now, in a such intelligent period. Most of the parents accepts private tutoring. But it's not good as we think generally and also not bad.
Private tutoring is very efficient. I think. At school, every teacher should teach up to 50 or even up to 100 students, so they are really tired and have little time to teach anyone privately. So private tutoring can help children efficiently.
But on the other hand, private tutoring lacks a part-communication with mates. It's very important in such a communication-center-society.
I think, I can't make a decision. It's hard to say what is really correct or wrong. But I think private tutoring can make child study for at least an hour. Yes, It's what I think.
What I want to say, all in all, is when you choose or reject private tutoring you should think deeply again and again

<start>Recent year, it's very common that parents have home teacher for their children. On this point, there are different views in Society.
Some people approve of it, they hold that children are diffeient, but they ceceive the same education in the school. So the home teacher can teach a child in a way suiting him mostly. Nowadays, as the science and technolege develop fastlier and fastlies, the knowledge of most parents is not enough to amit their children at home. So they need home teachers to take their paits. 
On the other hand, some people are on the opposite side. They argues that it's so cruel to take up children's spare time by having their home teachers. The aniqument in school is heavy enough. There is no need to spend more time on study. We should give them a happy childhood.
From my point of view, I agree with the second idea. The childhood should be meaningful and unforgettable, and home teacher may destroy it. What's more, a student ought to learn practical ability but the knowledge in the books. All in all, there is no need to assange a home teacher for your child.

<start>Nowadays, it's becoming more and more common to send for a private tutor to help teacher students. 
Sending for private tutors does have its own helping and advantages. For example, no matter how is our study condition (maybe good or not), we can get a clear and deep grasp on what we learn at school with the help of a private tutor. That contributes much to our scores and we may enter into a better university thank to it.
But we can't over-rely on private tutor. I think the ultimate purpose of education is not scores, but the ability of thinking logically and critical. Private tutor tells us all that we don't understand so that we lose many chances to think ourself. This is a very big disadvantage.
I think we should treat private tutoring carefully. If we are able to do our homework by ourselves, we should do like that. If we can't, we may send for a private tutor to helf understand the knowledge. Do remember: don't over-rely on that. We should try our best to make it by ourselves.

<start>In recent years, it's very common for parents to employee private tutors for their children. But is it good for necessary children's studies? There are some advantages and disadvantages about it.
As the competitions between schools become more and more serious, what teachers teach in class becomes more and more difficult in order to make students know more. This cause some students can't keep up with the space and fall behind others. Private tutoring can make them understand better about what they are supposed to learn. To some degree, it's helpful for students' studies. But as every coin has two sides. There are some disadvantages about it. Private tutoring may cost so much money that some families can't afford it. Furthermore, it will take up most of students' spare time and they may don't make them lose interest of studying.
In my eyes, it's not necessary to do that. Private tutoring can't help a lot for students' studies. What us students really should do is to listen carefully in class. And if we have something that we don't understand, we can ask our teachers for help instead of a private tutor.

<start>Nowdays, private tutoring has become more and more popular throughout the country, so it is common to see a student doesn't go to school and just learning at home.
But is private tutoring a good way for learning? On the one hand, it can bring us many benefits. First, it maybe more convenient for us because we don't have to spend time in getting to school. And parents may concern us less. Also, there'll be more freedom if we study at home. On the hand there're many disadvantages for private tutoring. First, in school, we'll have more teachers but at home we'll have only one. Then there'll be many classmates at school but at home there're none. So we'll have less friends. What more, we don't have competitors, so we may fall behind and don't realize it. Also, we'll be more lazy because we are more free if we study at home.
In my opinion, different students need different ways of learning. We should choose the way of learning according to ourselves. But if you don't have much money or can't control yourself well, you should choose to learn at school.

<start>Nowadays, it's more and more popular for parents to employ private tutors to teacher their children vanes courses such as math, music, socialize and so on. It's hard to simply judge this phenomenon only by true or false for the reason that extra study has both advantages and shortcomings. As far as the advantages in concerned, those who acquire extra study may be dominant in their course study, or make a little progress at the least. Reluctantly speaking, private tutors can help students improve their marks. However, when it refers to disadvantages, students, especially ones who are being taught by both teachers in school and private tutors in home, are usually list a great number of items which are much more than it's advantages, such as  the occupying of leisure time and so on.
What I want to say is that the decision of employing private tutor should be approved by students. Only when they are will to get an extra study can they make progress. After all, it's the students rather than parents who stuy.

<start>Nowadays, many parents ask for personal teachers for children. It spends from cities to counties.
Asking for the personal teacher can let children learn more knowledge and enlarge their horizon. It is good. Otherwise, it maybe helps children get good grade and have a good mood. It also lets children make full use of time.
However, it has negative side, it can make children bored with studying. Besides, it may let children have no time to relax and making friends. That's bad. It can make bad effects on good teachers and students. On the other hand, it is bad for our society. 
In my opinion, asking for personal teacher should be abandoned, it is bad for the development of our children. Even it is bad for the development of our society.

<start>Nowadays, more and more parents tend to employ private teachers for children in order to improve their study. As the old saying goes "every coin has two sides", this action is not an exceptation.
On the one hand, private tutors can help students with their homework. Moreover, they are supposed to recorrect children's misunder standing. However, it costs too much for parents. Then, as for students, they may suffer too much pressure.
From my point of view, I'm against it. I think we us students should depend on ourselves to solve the problem which is the ultimate purpose of our education. Secondly, more free time is needed to alltivate our interests and enjoy our childhood.

<start>Nowadays the phenomenon private tutoring has become very common. As the life is better and better, no wonder that many parents seek for private teachers for their children since they want their children to get more knowledge. But we shouldn't advocate it blindly, instead we should treat it critically.
Everything has its advantage and disadvantages, and seeking for private teacher is not an exception. There is no doubt that a good and responsible private teacher can help the children learn more out of school and this may help them make greater progress in their study. From the angle of society, private tutoring provides more job chances. But we can't deny the fact that private tutoring gives the children more studying pressure, and they have little time to take part in society activities. This may undoubtedly account for the result that, they will lack practical ability when the enter the society. And practical ability is very important to private development.
As I see it, we can't deny private tutoring thouroughly, we should advocate it properly and limitedly. One most important way to educate the children is give them some more private time to practice themselves. Too much studying task and the lack of private time are harmful to their character-shaping. Only by give them more time to practice themselves can they have a good chance to touch the outside world.
So we must treat private tutoring critically instead of advocating it blindly.

<start>Nowadays, finding Private tutoring is pretty popular amony parents of children in all grades, of course, this is based on the hope and love of or their children, but is it a necessary and good way?
On the one hand, study is actually hander and hander to most students when knowledge plays an important role in today's job compe tetion. So private tutoring can be helpful for students to master basic lessons involved with exams. A however on the other hand, students may lose precious time to think by themselves. Because creativity is also a necessary capality for success. Moreover, the high price of private tutoring may always be a burdon, for most family, especially when the result comes out not so good as expected.
In my opinion, study is students' own thing after all. When we are able to learn well by ourselves, why must we waste money on it? It is the interest and desire of studying that masters.

<start>In china, accurately in my neighbourhood, private tutoring is wide-spread. The parents want their children to make satisfying marks, which is relvant to their high school, college and even the work place where they one day will go.
Objectly, there are also advantages and disadvantages in the topic of private tutoring. Firstly, students can't solve all the problems during the day-time at school, so they need a person to help them with their study, but their parents are always busy working, so a private tutoring is exactly what they need. When the students have their own Private tutoring they will have more opportunities to solve their problems, and solve their problems efficiently. But in the opposite, if children have their own private tutoring will they do the homework as usual, will they just go and ask how to do the homework without thinking? Also, Chinese studies is already very stressful, students should learn all the day at school, maybe they will be bored with study when they get home only to find the Private Tutoring waiting for them and concern that they also should learn all the time at home.
In m opinions, to have a private tutoring or not is a decision which should be done all by your children. Just when your children are willing to have a private tutoring, the private tutoring can really make sense.

<start>Nowadays, it becomes more and more formal for parents to find a private tutor for their kids, is it good? My answer is yes.
In today's schools competement between students is very fierce, furthermore, the competement is still last when kids go home, the endless homework is one of the evidence. Sometimes, the homework is too difficult for kids to do, but parents are busy too, so parents think that finding a private tutoring will help a lot. And private tutoring is popular. 
However, There are some disadvantages: first, the private tutor is always a college student, he will not be familiar with the kids' knowledge or homework. Second, some crimers may rob the house, or kidneope the children in the name of private tutor. Third, private tutor is not always legol, so there will be arguments on the wages.
We can solve these problems in these ways, first, college students have time to restudy the knowledge so that they can help. Second, parents should find the legal company which provides private tutoring, such as some universities. Despite the disadvantages, there are many advantages, first, parents have time to relax and kids have fever pressure in study. Second, the college students have chance to join the society earlier. Third, our country's GDP is rising.
In case that parents find private tutoring in the right way. It will be good to both parents and college students, isn't it good?

<start>Now it is common that parents employ private tutors for their children in order to help them get good grades in school. But there are arguments about the advantages and disadvantages of it. Some of the arguments one as follows.
Some people hold the idea that it is useless to do that and that it is just a waste of money. What's more, the children may get fed up with their study even more. While some others do not think so. They think that a private tutor can point out the child's weakness cleanly and help him or her get over it accordingly. So the private tutoring has much more effect on their study that the school. From my point of view, whether to employ a private tutor should be based on the practical condition of the child and, of course, the economic condition of the family. If a child has a positive attitude towards his study and has the determination to overcome the difficulties in his study, private tutoring will surely do good to him or her. But on the other hand, if the child does not want to devote himself to study at all, it may be useless to employ a private tutor for him. After all, a private tutor can not do everything for him or her, especially changing his or her attitudes towards study.

<start>It's now a univesal phenomenon to hire tutors for kids. In order to help their children get good grades, parents are willing to take out lots of money to do so, but for kids, tutoring takes off their weekends.
Hiring a tutor can be an effective way to help your kid with their grades, on condition that he or she does want to be tutored. If he or she, as most students do, dislikes or even hates to be tutored, hiring a tutor can be a waste of money, and most importantly, a destruction of kid's interst in study. Besides, students, especially high school students, are now under too much pressure. Weekends are precious for them to relax and get a better mood for next week's study. There is no doubt that tutoring makes them work all the time with no time to have a little rest.
In my opinion, before getting a tutor for your child, ask first. If he or she agrees, it's good, have him a tutor, if not, just let it go, after all, being happy contributes to effective study.

<start>Nowadays, it is very common for parents to look for Private Tutoring. Private Tutoring is more and more popular among parents. But do you think that Private Tutoring is a good thing?
Well, we must say that through the private tutoring, many younger students study better. They can get a higher score in the exam, and they are more confident in their studies. Private tutoring can provide much knowledge for the students, and the teacher can try his or her best to teach his or her students. The students can also learn what they didn't learn in their school. In a word. Private tutoring has many advantages. But, the private tutoring has many disadvantages, too. Students are tought to think independently, but though the private tutoring, the students seems to rely on their teacher all the time, so they can't keep a good habit. On the other hand, some teachers are very lazy, and they don't teach the students well. In the meantime, Private tutoring costs much.
As a student, I think Private tutoring is unnecessary. At school we can learn all the knowledge well. If we meet with problems, our students and teachers can also give us good solutions. So we can understand all the knowledge we learned at school. If so, private tutoring seems unnecessary. A student should learn to be self-reliance and work out the problem by themselves rather than through the private tutoring.

<start>It's very common nowadays that many parents arrange private tutors for their children. Adults hope that their kids learn more knowledge to find good jobs in the future.
But every coin has two sides, on one hand, private tutoring can make students understand points firmly. Many students do make big progress and get good grades during the examinations. Sometimes in big class, teachers can't stress all points because of the short time, but private tutoring can make up for it, on the other hand, due to private tutoring. Kids spend so much time studying that they have few time to relax. Some students just learn by rote. It's not good for their health and growing.
In my opinion. Spending proper time on private tutoring is better, to  get good grades, the key point is to study effectively and efficiently.

<start>With the development of the education system, it is obvious that private tutoring is becoming more and more popular.
Generally speaking, private tutoring do help the children with their study because he has enough time to make clear of what he didn't understand. Besides, private tutoring make the youth get close to art, which benefits them a lot. However, private tutoring has its disadvantages as well. To begin with, the children have less time to play with his friends. Which makes him unhappy and feel uneasy. Then he may get bored if he don't like what he is learning.
As far as I am concerned, learning is our own task. Private tutoring is not that necessary. Only we learn what we interested in, can we learn more.

<start>Nowadays, with the development of the society, not our parents' pressure but also the children's are bigger and bigger. As a result, everyone knows that if we want to live a good life in the future, we must do our best to learn more and work harder.
So, when kids are very little, their parents always search private tutor to teach they to save more time in their life. No metter how old kids are, private tutor is common for they.
Though having private tutoring has effect on children's study, there are still some problems which may be harm to children. For example if a kid has a difficult problem that he can't do, the private tutor could help he, but at the same time, some kids may be lasier in their difficult problems, that has big harmness.
In my opinion, private tutoring has great effect on students' study, but we can't rely on it, we should do it by ourselves at first, and then ask for help to them.

<start>In the modern world, it is common for parents to employ Private tutors for their children. You'll have no trouble finding many kids study in their rooms on holiday, with a person who holds book around him. Private tutors can be music, dance, study teachers and so on.
Private tutors can be good as well as bad. On the the possitive aspect, they can help kids learn more and enrich them, so that in the near future kids can develop to the right direction. But on the other hard, kids are mnocent. They need more time to play, to relax, or they'll spend boring childhoods, they'll have less happiness, compared with those who don't have private tutor.
From my point of view. Private tutoring shouldn't be popular, kids are the flowers of motherland, we should ensure that they have rich childhoods.

<start>When the composition between students are becoming more and more serious, parents are more and more worried about their children's college entrance examinations. Therefore, it is more and more popular among parents to employ private tutors
Apparently, private tutoring brings a seris of benefits. First, it helps students to make up some lessons. Second, some parents are busy with theire work so that they have no time to take care their children. Thus, private tutors can also help to look after them. Last but not least, private tutoring can give some college students a chance to show them and earn some money as well.
However, private tutoring may make some families poor. And some teachers don't take the responsibility. They just make money. 
As far as I'm concerned, private tutoring is a good job. It helps students to make good grades and give college students a chance to make money. But I think the government should take action to control it. So that private tutoring will be better.

<start>Nowadays, the phenomenon has been becoming more and more common that parents call for tutors for their children.
Like anything else, calling for tutor has both advantages and disadvantages. The main benefits are as follows. Firstly, tutors can help students fully understand the scientific concepts. In the second place, students can make up for his or her lack of main knowledge with the tutors' help. However, every coin has two sides. The negative effects are also obvious. To begin with, it makes students depend on tutors so they may not study hard. What's more, if the tutors isn't responsible, students won't get any help.
Taking all the factors into consideration. We may safely come to the conclusion that the advantages of calling for tutors outweights its disadvantages. From my point of view, only if we pay much attention to controlling it can students get more benefits. And if we take proper measures, we can make best use of it.

<start>As we all see, nowadays, there exists an increasingly widespread phenomenon that more and more parents choose private tutoring for their children. They believe that by this way their children can get a better grade at school so that enter a well-known university and have a good start for future career. But does private tutoring really play so important a part in study? The following are my opinions.
It's widely accepted that private tutoring has many advantages. On the one hand, private teacher can give students a guide when they have difficulties in study by offering some effective ways to learn better. One the other hand, when students come across a problem, a private teacher can explain it to them patiently again and again until they finally understand.
But just like can old saying goes "every coin has two sides", private tutoring also has many disadvantages. Firstly, students may depend on their private teachers too much so as not to willing to think and solve problems independently, which is a very bad learn habit. Secondly, private tutoring may cost a lot of money, which will give parents more pressure.
In summary, having private tutoring has its advantages and disadvantages. Whether or not having a private teacher should depend on student himself instead of their parents, because only themselves how if they really need a guider in their own study, which differs from person to person.

<start>At present, private tutoring are very common as many parents want their children to receive extra education in order to accumulate knowledge for further study. But does this way really works?
Different people have different opinions on the effect of private tutoring. In general, private tutoring has its own advantages. For one thing, it can surely stimulate the enthusiasm of study of students and help them make progress on the study. For another, it is easier for students to ask their tutor what they don't understand. However, considering its disadvantages, private tutoring has its bad effects. It limits the students' independent thinking which will limit their creative ability to develop.
Personally, I agree to the private tutoring, because not only does it develop the tutors' teaching ability and help them gain working experience, but also help students make great progress in study.

<start>Nowdays, it's quite common for parents to employe private tutoring for their children. And the ads of providing or needing private tutoring can be seen everywhere. During holiday, you can also find many college students at the entrance of some university with a board signed "Private Tutoring".
Private tutoring can benifits both top students and those who have difficults in studying. With the help of them, students who used to do well can learn more knowledge and make more progress, and the students who didn't get satisfactory grades can have extra help to catch up with their classmates.
But private tutoring is not proper for every families, some can't afford the high expenses. Also some students are not used to learning from private tutoring. Besides, some private tutoring don't have ability to teach others. They may mislead their students to make mistakes.
So I think the private tutoring should be training before, and the students should also know whether they really need private tutoring.

<start>With the rapid development of education and more and more attention parents paid to their children's study, parents occupy a teacher teaching their children at home become more and more common.
There are several advantages of occupying teachers teaching children at home. First of all, the communication become more easier. Usually, there are less children than teacher teached in normal school, so much so that the question of every child could be answer easily. And moreover the student won't be ashnmod of asking question because there will not be too many students.
However, there are also some disadvantages. The tuition of occupying a teacher usually beyond parents' afford. What's worse, the teacher occupied usually don't have formal training and the children may can't learn anything. And, the communication between children may reduce too. Which could be harmful for children's social skills.
As far as I am considered, if children study good at school, we needn't to do it at all. After all, study in class in enough as long as we listen to our teachers carefully.

<start>With the development of the education, private tutoring is becoming more and more popular. So as to improve the children's grades, many parents are willing to ask a private tutor for their children.
However, private tutoring has advantages while it also has disadvantage while it also has disadvantage. With private tutoring, children and learn more and will get good grades in their exams. This will improve their confidence. But private tutoring can make children lazy. They needn't think questions for too long time for they can easily get emswers from the private tutoring. This will contribute children relying more on their private tutoring, and it is bad for their skills of independence. In my opinion, as private tutoring is universal, I am in favor of it. Private can make children learn more things and improve the scores. Above all, it can make children more confident. This is good for children's growing.

<start>Now, it's very common for parents to hire a home teacher for their children. They may think this can help their children. But every coins has its two sides, this is not a exception.
Some people  it's good to do that. Because some children can't can't understand what the teacher said on class. So they need someone to help them catch up. Also, the home teachers can teach children the knowledge that they can't learn in class, which help children get good mark in exam.
But some people don't think so. They think the help of the home teachers may cause children don't care about their class learning. Also, it is expensive for parents to hire have teachers, so the  adults must work hard and get more pressure, which make the life more tough.
In my opinion, private tutoring isn't necessary for every child. Those students who can do a great job in their studies needn't to have the private tutoring. And the most important thing I think is whether have or don't have private tutoring should be designed by children themselves.

<start>Now, all parents devote most of their time and money to their children. In order to help children study, they prefer to find family teacher to teach them. And this phenomenon becomes more and more common.
To be honest, "one teacher teach one student" is an effective way to improve students' study. Teacher can spent more time and pay more attention so that student can get more knowledge than usual class. This way, teacher can also answer your own question in a way that you feel understandable.
However, there are also some disadvantages. For example, it will cost too much for some family, and it will not be good for one's own study ability. The payment should be give by hour and the price is usually not so low. In some way, it can make a student lazy. Once they depend on the family teacher, they will not listen to their school teacher carefully. So they waste the time in class. That's so harmful. What's worse, they will become lazy to think by themselves.
In my opinion, everything has two sides. The important thing is that how we use the advantages and avoid the disadvantages. Study is a hard thing but there are so many ways to study well. Besides, we should rely on ourselves. If we can learn by ourselves, depend on ourselves, it will be better for our ability, our thought even our life.

<start>Parents in china  nowdays  are all aware of the importance of education.  So they put children's education on the first place of the family. There is a popular saying  "No matter how poor we are, we should send our children to school". Under this background  private tutoring come  up. Now, it is common for parents to seek a private teacher for their children.
A private teacher can help children to learn. When students at school  they can ask their teacher. but  if they have questions they can not slove  at home, what can they do  so they need a private tutoring ,  on the other hand, parents should pay  private tutoring. This will add to the family's out come . If the family isn't very rich, that can be a problem.
Thus I think that parents should decide whether to invite a private tutoring   depending on their income. They shouldn't with other families .

<start>As is reported in the newspapar , nowadays, it is very common for parents to get a home teacher to  their children. To this fact, as far as I'm concerned, every coin has two sides.
Some people hold the opinion that getting a home teacher is great. Reasons are unrietied . On one hand , it is convement  for the children  to study. One  the other hand, a home teacher can answer the children's question anytime.
Most importantly with a home teacher, children are able to learn things in details and aquire  more knowledge.
While others be  favor of not getting a home teacher. first , it is very expensive. So to some poverty area  , it is very hard to get a home teacher. Second, a hometeacher  may limit the children's  imagination. Every point, very cornor will be absorbed in children's head . In addition, it may develop some bad behaviors to the children .
In my opinion, if you are rich, to get a home teacher is a better choice than not to do that, because we can can a better . Scores at school , even a better future.

<start>Nowadays, there is a trendency  that more and more people send for private tutor   to help their children to study. This phenonmenon  reflects that the living standard has risen up, but it has both advantages and disadvantages.
As for advantages, the tutor can come up with a special way to help the children to study in which  the children can gradually find their own interests and thus develop  a good character. It can also make parents feel comfortable because the tutors are in their home  thus the parents can pay more attention to their children.
However, there are also some disadvantages. For example, it is costly , thus make  more parents burden more financial press . And it also seperates  their own children from others thus may influence their children the ability to communicate with other children .
Considering that it has both advantages and disadvantages, we should strike a balance in this phenomenon, we should rationally size up this phenomenon, we can send for tutors  but we should also allow our children more time to play with other children and develop their own interests and leave them more their own time . In this way, I think the education will be more efficient.

<start>Private tutoring is very famous nowadays. People start private tutoring because it help  them with their shor comings  in understanding a particular subject.
Private tutoring has alok  of advantage and disadvantage . In my view I believe  home there are more advantage han disadvantage us . If I started to attend private holing class  it would of course be, because of a palicuar  subject hal  I find a little bik  difficult to understand, to try and understand with private tutoring . Turing private tutoring the atudent in allowed to ask a many question as he atudent please . Furthermore, he otudent get to encercine more compleve question . The meonth hak private tutoring has on a atudent very good . I think hal people who need help understanding difficult subject to to otout private tutoring , because his can ceally help them, improve here weakneooes , bunider hak private tutoring in expensive he remark are very good . So I think hark private tutoring in my views is commecdeling any our who has trouble understanding a  object .

<start>Nowadays, many parents want their children to perform better in school. As a result, it is very common to have a tutor for their children.
As we all know, children in school are suffering from great pressure because of study, especially in high schools. Some students may even fail in their studies. To have a better marks  in exams, having a tutor may be a good choice. Children can learn more and practise  more with the help of tutor . And tutor  will help with the weak point of a student . So the students may improve quilkly  and gradually catch up with their classmates.
However, every coin had  two sides. Having a private tutor will add financial pressure  to the parents. Besides, it will take a lot of time. So the students will spend more time on the studies and have little time to relax themselves . What's more . Students will have work in their studies .
Personally, students needn't have a tutor to help with their study. If they run into some difficulties in their study, they can turn to their teachers. In addition, they will have more time to do what they want to do instead of study . So they can be better for next day's study . Last but not least, it well  save a lot of time.

<start>Nowadays, it's common for parents to get their children some private tutoring.
Many people hold the opinion that it benefits to  the students to have private tutoring for the following factors. To begin with, many students don't have enough self-controling , so the private teachers  can urge them to study. Further more, if a student gets troubles in his study, he can get help from the private teacher directly. However, as the old saying goes, every coin owns 2 sides . There are also many shortcomings for  private tutoring. For example, many private teachers help the students  with their homework, which may keep the students  from thinking independently. What's more, students may rely on their private teachers too much to get enough knowledge from their school teachers.
It occurs to me that the advantages of private tutoring out weight  its disadvantages. In my opinion, it's up to the private teacher that if he doesn't offer too much extra help , he will help in developing the self-independence of the students. Moreover, every student is a special one. They differ in interest and ability. While a school teacher cannot afford enough attention to each of his students, a private teacher can do this much better. Last but not least important , the private teacher may have less generation gap  with the students , which enathes  them to offer both studying guide  and emtion  guide .

<start>Now, it's common to find a child a private tutor . In the street, we can see many ads "wanted, a private tutor in" It seems as if a tutor will improve a child's grades greatly.
Surely, private tutoring has advantages that school teaching don't . a  school teacher has to take all students into consideration. Hence he couldn't understand children's needs entirely. A private tutor has only one student. He can get the measures of the child  and make out plans accordingly.
However, everything has two side , including private tutoring. Some tutors teach how to work out a question, not knowledge. Some are not competent , giving the wrong answer. Some children may be idle, leaving all homework in the hands of tutors.
Therefore, to some extent, private tutoring is harmful.
In my view, parents should contact school teachers to see whether it's necessary to find a tutor. If necessary, what kind of tutor the child needs . When hiring a tutor, parents must know the tutor's ability well.

<start>Nowdays, there is an increasing number of parents hire  private tutors for their children, their original purpose is good but the result may not  as good as they thought.
No garden without weeds. Having a private tutor such as math teacher or physics teacher , students may learn more or deeper after school, this is what we expected . But on the other way , some students who are not good at self-control may be lazier in class,  he or she may dely  on the private tutor  so during class, they will be less active.
From my own perspective, it depends on students themselves, if they really want to study, and try to work hard, they seledem  need a private tutor , otherwise, if a student has no interest in study, though he has more than 10 private tutors, they can do nothing for  his study.
Study for yourself and study in your own , a private tutor is useless.

<start>Now days, many parents want their children study better. They wish their children would have more marks  and be better.  So they want their children study more and earlier .
To make the thought come ture .They employ teachers are even students  to theach  their children at home. In the holiday, children will review the knowledge , they-learned and they will be tought .
Forsome  students, they really make a great progress, attend finally they can go to a good college, and employ teacher make parents who can't teach their child comfort .
But it will make students tired  student is tired when they are harding  classes. In the holiday, they still study. The students also lost,  the chance learn by themselves . The parents also spend too much money.
To me, I don't think it's a good idea. A students need to have the ability to revier  and learn by themselves. A student also needs to have a rest. So it is a nessisity .

<start>There are many reports of private tutoring. More and more families begin to employ a teacher to help their children study well. The benefits in my eyes is  . Private tutoring can give a chance  that student can learn knowledge  at home and with face to face teach can learn more efficiency  there are also some other reasons such as  their children can't understand the teacher teach  in the school so they need private tutor to help them.
Apat  from the benefits mentioned above, there are also some unavoidable chanlleges  have to face up . Firstly, private tutor .  May let the students who come from poor family have less  chance to complete  with the student who come from rich family, because they can't afford the cost to employ a personal teacher. second , It  will let the teachers which teach in the school play more and more weekly in students study .
Personaly  speaking.  I think only reform  the education can we let the phenomenon about private tutor more and more less .

<start>In my memory, I've never heard of any of my school classmates who hired a private tutor, and of course, I have never done that either. In my opinion, only in recent years does the private turtoring   become popular among students in high school or middle school.
For example, I was hoped to be  a private tutor for a girt in grade two in high school when I got the admission from USTC. I was entremely  amazed at someone's asking me for a private tutoring  and after I came to USTC.  I found the phenomena  was very common. I can easily find such informations  on the board, which really surprised  me.
Though I am not clearly aware of the reasons why many a student hire  a private tutor, of course the main purpose is to make progress in their studies, or directly saying get a higher score . Private tutoring can give you a class more suitable for you . The tutor can make courses, enercises  speciceshy  for you . But,  the spare time for you will surly reduce, and the pressure on you will increase. And above all  these happen in the situation of  a tense study in school . You may drop in other subject  or make little progress because of the little time you own.
In my opinion, I am  not for private tutoring. Teachers in school are much familiar to  the course and exams when comparing with  private tutors who are always students  university. And I am sure if you study more efficiently in school, your scores will certainly be higher. No private tutoring means more spare time for your own interest .
In a word no one will help you but yourself.

<start>Nowadays, a large number of parents prefer to emplore  some college students to teach their children. I think it's quite  a good way that both the children and students can benefit from it a lot.
The house teaching have  many benefits as follows. Firstly, children are able to learn a lot of knowledge from the young teachers. Secondly, the parents  will pay more money if they emplore  the teachers  from children's school than college students . Last but not least, the college students  can make some money so that they can live a better life during their college life. But there are still  some bad point  during the house teaching. On one hand  the college students  may have less time to study if the teach the children . On the other hand. Children can gain less knowledge from the college student than teachers.
Above all, I think the house teaching is a good job. But the college students  need to make a careful decision whether he can do the job well .

<start>As we can see in the daily life, it's a popular phenomenon that parents find a private tutor for their children. Especially in big city , there are various private tutor : math tutor, English tutor, piano tutor and so on.
Some people will just doubt if it will benefit the children. On one hand , private tutoring can help the children who can't catch up with tle  teacher's pace to make up what they have missed in the class and strengthen their understanding about knowledge  so that they could use it more easily and fruently .
While on the other hand, over-dependence on private tutoring can let children less concentrate on the class because they teachers have taught  and when they come to a difficult question, they just need to ask the tutor. Meanwhile  the tutoring is also a heavy burden to one milldle  class family.
In my opinion, adequate private tutoring is just ok, and will to some extent benefit the children in their studying. At the same time, as far as I know, the tutor not only teaches the knowledge itself  but also the way to study. It helps students a lot compared with them seeking the study methods on themselves .

<start>Cuiiently , symptoms of private tutoring  in our society are not difficult to find, which aiouses  some aigument .
Some benefits do exist in private tutoring,  tutors can teach a child in the specific way developed for the child. Which  is a good complement for schooling as well.
Nonetheless, some disadvantages aie  also obvious. Having a tutors waiting at home can make a student pay no attention to the teachers' lectuies  at school. Additionally, it exeits  extia  pressure on children, since the more time they spend on study, the more likely they resent it .
From my point of view, I dissent from this piactice . For it helps little in developing students' learning skills. Only by the ught  means, will students benefit from the long houis  they spend on study.

<start>Private tutoring has gone into many students' house  as parents valued  education more at present. However, that phenomenon is a little crazy to some extent. After all, private tutoring is not always necessary and beneficial.
There is no doubt that it could get student's scores aroused to a degree and limited  his time to play. Yet the destination-to  get the child willing to learn shouldn't be abandoned. From this perspective, private tutoring is no better than cheating in an exam. They lead to the same result that his scores get higher only for a short time. Parents may even offer students private tutoring till College Entrance Exam, but what if he goes into university? Furthermore, private tutoring may decline students' initiative , which is also against the goals of education. 
In my opinion, private tutoring needs consideration . It may become damage  to some students. Then on some special occasions, take it into consideration. Students should also not depend on private tutoring to learn. Only by working hard could they really get knowledge and abilities.

<start>Nowadays, as the competitions become more and more fierce in middle schools and colleges, parents devise all kinds of methods to help their kids accumulate more knowledge in order to succeed in the coming exams. Therefore  some of the parents spend large sum of money on employing tutors to guide their children's study  after school. To my knowledge, this phenomenon is very common among all of us.
Needless to say, there are both advantages and disadvantages of employing the  tutor. On the one hand, their children's grades do become higher and they're more confident when meeting with  difficulities  in study. But on the other hand , they form the bad habit of relying on others after school and this may lead to low efficiency of studying at classroom in school.
As far as I am concerned, the priority for parents is to guide their kids form  a good habit of studying instead of wasting their money on tutoring. At the same time, students should learn to handle their problems in school by consulting their teachers or discussing with their classmates. They may asa  well avoid the habit of relying on tutors too much at home.
In a word, as long as students are aware the importance of studying and work harder and harder  they'll achieve high scores without the help of the tutors!

<start>As we all know, private tutors are very common in modern familes . Faced with  the phenomenon, different people have different thoughts.
Every coin has two sides. On the one hand, private tutoring has many advantages. First, every student faces great challenges and burdens  in school work. Thus tutors can help ease their feeling and gain successes. Then, this need of tutors can offer more chances to students in college and university and help them pay for their expenses. In a word, tutoring is a thing that may be good for both families and tutors.
On the other hand, however, it has some weaknesses. What's the worst is  the tutoring may reduce the time for students to study by themselves. At the same time, with the help of tutors, they can get good grades without concentrating on classes enough, which will be bad for their future studying.
In my opinion, private tutoring is a good attempt to find a  effective way to make our education more complete and perfect, with many problems that we have to solve. Though there is  some disadvantages, I think it has great potentials to succeed to be perfect in nearby future .

<start>Nowadays many parents search for good private teacher  here and there in order to improve their children  grade . When you wander cround  on campus, this kind of advertisement floods in your eyes. The demand is still rising though the family teachers' payment grows. Many students want to get high marks in the entrance exam with the help of short-termed  private tutoring.
However, Private Tutoring  don't  always contribute to the development of students. The reason why many students need family teacher is clear, as everyone knows. Private tutoring refrain  students  creativity, imagination and self justification. It's not good for people to build individual soul .
Private tutoring can bring some benefits. It can help students improve grades and enter famous universities.
In my opinion, students can ask for family teacher  for improving grades but they should develop other skill in the meantime. It's the most thing to bead  a meaning  life.

<start>Nowadays, highly thought of education and schooling and the improving family finance in society  have pushed more parents to hire private tutors for their children. However, parents have to think twice before putting their hands on private tutoring.
Although,  private tutoring plays a good part in help  learners review what he or she has learned  in schools. In the same time , it does well in strngthing  the understanding of school courses and driving home the main points. However, it costs the extra time  of students outside school and lower  the learning efficiency in class. When the turtoring  time last  long, it may cause same  kind of bad emotion among youngers , like boring, tied and hatry  . 
In my view, play is an important part during  the development of critical thoughtrs . People have to learn to think independently and learn by themselves. Only by this, can our country  flowers get nourished and posses  a promising future.

<start>Nowadays, it's a common phenomenon that parents employ private tutors for their children. Private tutoring is even gradually becoming a kind of job and a lot of people make a living by tutoring students.
As an old saying goes, "Every  coin has two sides." Private Tutoring  also does, obviously. On one hand , private tutors can make students learn more knowledge  and study more deeply than they do in classes  which lets them study better. On the other hand, employing a private tutor costs a quantity of money from parents and a lot of time from kids .
In my opinion, I  don't favour  the idea of employing a private tutor. The reason is apparent. As long as we listen carefully to our teachers in class and do homework  teachers assign, we can achieve high grades. Therefore, it is not very necessary to employ a private tutor to make students study better.

<start>It is very common now to see many parents hire home-teachers for their kids. For primary school students, there are teachers helping them on  math.  Chinese, science and so on. For junior school students, there are teachers for math or physics competition.  Only to help the students  go to a better seinior  middle school. For the senior middle school students , there are extremely more teachers for them at the name of providing imaginary easy access to great amount of knowledge, so as to go to a college .
There are both advantages and disadvantages on  that. To begin with, those teachers do help children to some degree aquire  some more  knowledge and understand them  better. But on the other hand , there are quite many  bad things. For istance , students will be less independent on study, and those who can't afford a teacher faced  a  unfair situation.
In my opinion, hiring another or more teacher is not good. First, students should learn knowledge  on their own, thus understand  them better. Second, 

<start>Nowadays, it is common for parents to employ tutors for their children's study. The amount of student  who don't get tutor lessons  is decreasing. While, because of that, students' private time is pradually  given up to these lessons.
Obviously, to those who have difficulty in learning, tutors' help benefits a lot. Not only can addition classes higher the scores , but also they increase students' confidence , so that students can carry on learning actively. For students who get good grades and are eager for more knowledge, they can get what they need from tutors.
However, tutor lessons are not "the more, the better". They take up students' leisure time. If parents make too much  lessons, students can be tired, and may even hate studying.
In my opinion, getting tutor lessons should be both effective and affordable . Students should find their wak  points before they choose the lessons they need and lessons may well not take too long time . Only in this way can students benefit most from tutor teaching.

<start>Now, it is ordinary to give children private tutoring. Actually, most parents do something like that, only to let their children pass the exams and get high grades. It's really a good method  to some students who study very well, it's a waste of time and money! Compared with private tutoring, they  need rest and some time to think problems more.
As I see it, private tutoring is a good way for students who can't learn very well  theirselves , it is also a good job for teachers. So when parents want to give your children a private tutoring , please ask your children .

<start>Nowadays, because the pressing of entrance a high quanlity school . Many parents hire a private tutor for their children. A surrey shows that,  more than 80 percents  students have receive   private tutoring.
Every coin have  two sides, also private tutoring . The advantages of private tutoring is  we can use teaching resource sufficiently. We can get high quanility teaching . There also exists  disadvantages.
For example, student won't concentrate on school learning. They think they can learn knowledges   from their private tutor, but it's wrong.
In my opinion, private tutoring is a good thing. If we are confused in some aspects of knowledges  we learn in school. We can consult private tutor . So we will be more intellectful . But we can't rely on private tutor too much. School teaching is more important than private tutoring.

<start>Today, the phenomenon of employing private tutors for children is quite general, so I want to say something on that. 
Without any doubt, private tutoring owns its advantages as it can help children comprehense  what they ought to study better. What's more, it can be a kind of addition  to what children have already known. In other words, it can enlarging  their horizon.
As a saying puts that  every coin has two sides. On one hand , private tutoring may be a threat to children's capability of receiving new information to some extent. And it's also dangerous for students to rely on private tutors and ignore the content that teachers conduct in class. On the other hand, parents can hardly identify the quality of tutors, and employing bad tutors maybe just a waste of money. 
In my opinion, parents should choose a better way which adapts to their child. If private tutoring does do good to a student, appearantly  this is the better  means. And I hope children and parents balance the two sides of the coin, and cautiously make the decision.

<start>Among all the issues that individnals  are talking about, private tutoring is one of the hottest. Employing private tutoring is very popular among parents because they are feared  that their children fall behind in study. But does it as good as people expect ?
A number of persons  hold the opinion that private tutoring is advantagerous . First of all, it assists students to aquir  more knowledge that can't be reached in classes. And then, it'll widen their horizon. As a consequence , students are more likely to get a better score in exams. 
Meanwhile, some citizens are  favor of the opposite view. They think too much tutoring may weaken children's ability of learning  themselves. Students rely too much on private teachers that they will be lazy to think. With the passage of time, it'll show terrible effects .
Based on the analysis mentioned above, I think appropriate private tutoring is of help. Because it lets students feel more confident and motivate  them to learn more quickly.

<start>Now there is a common phenomenon that parents invite family teachers to help their children get better scores. It has two sides as a coin .
It has an evident advantage. If we don't do good job in school, a family teacher can help us get master of knowledge  we miss in class so as to catch up with our classmates. In addition, we may find a personal study way  together which is more fit to us  and we will study happier .
There are also many disadvantages. Firstly, it costs much money. Parents work hard to support us to do to schools  and we shouldn't waste what we have. The result is to make parents' burden heavier. Secondly, if we have family teachers, we may ignore classes in school, which is harmful to our study. Last , sometimes we may not be willing to invite family teachers. It is just parents' idea. We may want more time to do something we like.
In my opinion, a student should work hard in school. There is no need to invite family teachers. What's the most important thing  is our altitudes  to study but not whether having a family teacher .

<start>Nowadays, many parents employ a teacher to tutor their son or daughter privately. The teacher will go to their home to teach the only one student.
Some people think it  good to do this.  Because the student can be tutored by the learning situation of his or her own . The student can learn what he doesn't understand in the classroom, so that he will improve rapidly. 
Others think this behavior is too had   and they take the opposite side. They think that opposite side . They think that students should have their own time at home, during which time  they can review or have a rest. It's helpful in their way of growing up.
As far as I am concerned, parents shouldn't employ a private tutor for their child. Child  needs his own time. They can study or play with their friends together  and can really enjoy studying. Meanwhile, they will also learn very well.

<start>Through a recent survey, scolars  have found that in China, private tutoring has become very common. It is very common to send for a teacher to help their children in their study. 
However, private tutoring has its advantages and disadvantages. The advantage is that private tutoring may help students understand better about their study . They can improve your  skills of learning. The disadvantage, in my opinion, is that parents will spend extra money in  their children's study. Also, some private tutoring may be proved useless.
In my view, I think  that children should work hard at school. That way , they will achieve high grades and their parents won't worry about their study any more. Also, parents should be more careful  choosing the teacher to teach their children and be aware of whether their children really need a teacher to help their study . That way , they may both get a satisfying consequence  in  private tutoring.

<start>Private tutoring, a part-time job that is on fire in college, is welcomed by many students in university whether he is in China or abroad .
Featuring easy work and proper wage , tutoring may be a job that most students are inclined to quept . In fact, it's very common for an average family to employ a tutor. 
But like every coin has two sides, tutor  is not always good. Tutoring do be able to  provide college students  extra money and social experience. But it will take too much time as well, which is sure to be harmful for a student's study. 
In my opinion, we should accept the job in depends . When we have some extra time, tutoring may do well  to us. But when we are busy in  our schoolwork, we shouldn't be as enthustic  about tutoring as when we are free. And I'm grently  convinced  only by this way , tutoring will  be the pilosophers'  stone of our career  instead of preventing us from getting good grades or doing better job .

<start>It has become a common situations   that parents hire private teacher  for their child. Given the unfair resources of education, hiring private teachers  can do have some help. It can offer students better learning resources. When a private teacher  are teaching  they will be patient and they can find your weak points. 
Guiding  by private teachers, students can study efficiently and happily. However  this can bring new unfair situation . The students and their parents who doesn't  hire private teachers may have to study harder to keep up with the students who have private teachers. At the same time, hiring a private teacher can be helpless for a student who doesn't want to study or learning  anymore. And for a student who are  willing to study  he can have good grades even without private teacher . In my opinion, it's a waste of money hiring  private teachers. It's will  bring unfair situation to normal education area . We must learn to study by ourselves not taught by others . If one who likes to study and practice, he can also learn very well. I prefer study harder and learn  to study by ourselves, not to hire a private teacher.

<start>Concerned about children's study, many parents in China tend to pay for tutors to help their children study. From dementary  school to high school, students have to study hard to live up to parents' and teachers' expect , thus many of them accept to have a tutor, too.  So private tutoring is quite common. 
A good tutor acbually  can do good to children's study. Besides, a tutor could pay close attention to the intellectual development of the child while teachers is  school may not spare enough attention. However, students may rely on the tutor too much, causing being idle in school . They may not work hard  expecting to be taught carefully again after school. Worse still, if the tutor performs bad teaching methods, it will do harm to the children's development.
On my opinion , parents need not to arrange tutors for children unless necessary. Students should train themselves to solve study problem on their own.

<start>Ever since education had been set as a basic national policy, parents are paying  more and more attentions on  their childrens  education.  So comes out a new career - Private  tutoring. And currently it has become one of the most fashionate  jobs
Just like every coin has two sides, private tutoring also leads to two kinds of impacts . On the one hand, it offers a chance for most under-graduates to earn some extra income, also it helps many children to get a good command of knowledge . On the other hand, it misleads undergraduate students to a point where most of their time were  spent on tutoring, but not their own studies.
On the whole, I think private tutoring do  bring a lot of benefits to the society. But if we can deal with it reasonably, we will benefit more from it. 

<start>Nowadays, the phenomenon of employing private tutors for children is very common, since the competition among students become  more and more fierce.
There is no doubts  that employing a private tutor will give student  more chances to ask question , and the private tutors  will do their best to help the students. But there are still some disadvantages,  these students will rely more on their tutors, when they come across troubles in study, they will depend on their tutors  not themselves. It does harm to the growth of students.
In my opinion, whether employing a tutor or not depends on individuals. If you really need help in your study  you could hire a tutor to help you, but if you have enough ability to solve the study problems, you don't have to hire a tutor since it will bring economy burden to your parents. 

<start>Nowadays  finding private tutors for children has become a popular thing during  parents. Even on streat  we can always see ads seavchingof  private tutors of this subject or that .
Of course  private tutors can help children go over their knowledge in time and effectively. When meeting problems, children can find their way to solve it . What's more  children can learn more through  private tutors, which benefit them further. However  employing a private tutor will cost a lot of money which many families are hard to affort  . What's more, children will be much lazier if them  know they have private teacher  to help them. It's had for htem , them to form the rabit  of thinking dividely .
As far as I'm concerned, if children are qualified enough to compete their study assignments, private tutors are not necessary, private tutors are not necessary a bit . Conversely  if your children really have problem , parents can employ private tutors for help.

<start>Now,  more and more parents ask for a private teacher to give their children a private tutoring  after school. It is because that parents care about their children's study. But there are also some people  against private tutoring.
There are some advantages and disadvantages of private tutoring. The advantages are: first, students can get more time to study,  they can memorize what they learn in the school . Second, students can get a more private  more professional education. It is helpful for them. Third, students may have a wider view by  private tutoring. But there are also some disadvantages for.  Private  tutoring,  first, it takes a lot of free time of students,  some teenager  wants to learn some thing  they are interested in, but because  private tutoring, they don't have enough time. Second, it losts  a lot of money, and we don't know wether  it is valuable.
In my opinion, private tutoring is not good. If students are hardworking , they can get enough knowledge at school, they can also get a great grade without private tutoring. And it students are lazy, private tutoring is not use . So I think there shouldn't be private tutoring.

<start>As we can see, education is playing a more and more important rule  in society. Private tutoring also become  very common now.
But is this a good phenomenon? Let's see the advantages and disadvantages of private tutoring.
We know,  it is hard for us to be totally focused in the class, thus resulting us neglecting some important parts . What's more, some students can't understand what the teacher taught in class. In these cases, private tutoring seems to be the best way to prevent us from delaying our lessons . Further more , some students can learn more things from the private tutors .
However, it also has some disadvantages. Students tend to rely on private tutors and don't put their hearts into the class. And to some degree, students' self-learning ability can't evolve. It's not good for their further developing .
In my eyes, private tutoring needn't be improved . Students can consult his teachers and classmates when meeting something tough. And students can have more time to think themselves. It's good for their future developing .

<start>Nowadays, private tutoring is becoming more and more general. All parents want their children can  get a high grades  at school. However, there are both advantages and disadvantages.
If a student have  a private tutor, he can ask the tutor questions which he haven't  understood in the class  and the tutor will also teach and tell him more carefully and patiently. And of course, the private tutor also can make the students study when they want to play and their parents are not in the home . Thus, some students may make some progress in their study. But a private tutor could lead to some other problem  . When a student have  a private tutor, he will possibobly  not listen carefully during class and think that he have  a tutor who he can ask after the class. Also, private tutor  may reduce the enthusiasion  of the student working out question on  himself. When he meet with  difficult question  he will ask his private tutor at once without thinking it deeply.
In my opinion, private tutoring is not necessary,  study is the thing of students themselves and no one can help them . As parents, they should encourage their children and understand them. I think they will and can get a high grade by their hard and continuous work .

<start>As we all know, nowadays  private tutoring is very common. Many parents want to improve their children's study through it. But everything have two sides , private tutoring also has advantages and disadvantages.
On one hand , private tutoring can help students who haven't studied good  enough, improve their studies . And private tutoring is greatly different from learning in school. In private tutoring, it one teacher and one student . So  the teacher can focus on the student and the student can learn all that private teacher taught him or her. Whenever the student have  any question, the teacher can stop to explain it to him or her. This is the biggest advantage of private tutoring.
On the other hand, private turtoring  takes up the student's spare time which they can used  for relaxing . Also, private turtoring  cost  a lot, some parents will find they have spent a lot but get little.
In my opinion, if it's not a must, we had better not ask for private turtoring . After all, private tutoring is not as good as study  alone.  Because study  alone we are more positive  and have more time to work on problems we don't understand. Also, it can build our ability of solving problems by ourselves.

<start>In rencent  years, it has become a trend that more and more parents are willing to hiring  private tutor  for their kids,  with the fast development of education system and society, it is tough for the young to find a job,  many companies think highly on the graduates who have a-famous-university aertification ,  under this background , all the parents hope their children could enter a key university.
In one hand , private tutor  can help students with their study indeed. Students can turn to the tutor to solve the problem when they get into trouble in studies, and it is can  save much time for them to find other people .
On the other hand, it is possible that once a student has a tutor to help him, he may be absent-minded in classes, which would be harmful for his study and it is obviously ineffient .
In my opinion, I'm  not apporvel  of privat  tutoring, because the problem we have all can be solved by our teacher or classmates. So it is absolutely unnecessary to hire a private tutor.

<start>As our living condition proved , more and more parents put more attention on  their children's education. They send their little children to learn drawing, playing piano and so on. When their children are allowed to go to school, they begin to think how their children can learn more and better than others' . As a result  private tutoring become  common.
Most of us have the experience of private tutoring. It has its advantage, such as it can adapt only to you . As every coin has its two sides . Private tutoring takes a lot of money. Sometimes  if the teacher isn't good enough, private tutoring become  a waste of time, because you can't learn anything.
As far as I'm concemd . If you have the ability to learn more than at school , private tutoring may be a good choice. For most case  learning by one's  is a better way, comparing learning the things that other people tell you .

<start>Now, in the society, more and more parents hope the children have a good studying .  So the Private Totoring   is more and more popular. Many university students is  also like to make a job about private tutoring .
The private tutoring  have  a  advantage in the holiday . The children  want to play with friend and game , if her have  a private tutoring , he has to study at home, and private tutoring is also can  solve many problem  of the children's learning, of course. The private tutoring is also have a disadvantage . The holiday is to get children rest , if you employ private tutoring to  children and arge  her to study. It can make then study eficent below . On the one hand.  It make  the childre  tired, on the other hand. It also reduce  the children's society time,  is  also make  them shy.
I thing  the parent shouldn't employ the private tutoring , after all,  This  time is a rest of children and the children study all a week , he need to rest, So  I wish to the private tutoring less and less .

<start>At present, schoolworks  for the students  seem  to be heavier and heavier. As a consequence, it's a common phenomenon for parents to employ private tutors for their children.
Private tutoring has both advantages and disadvantages. On one hand , it allows students to solve their problem easily and timely.  So they may make progress in study. On the other hand, it can also make students more tired because they have to do more study in extra hours every day. They lose more happy time to play with friends or communicate with their parents.
In my opinion, private tutoring can do some benefits if we can use it properly. Students can learn more from their tutors and study better. And if the tutors are college students, they can take exercise .  So we should properly use private tutoring.

<start>It shouldn't be hard to see their private tutoring on the catch in china maintime , especial in the family of kids in senior high school . Under the illusion of attending the key universities  and facing with  so heavy pressure of the "final exam".  A lot of parents believe private tutors could provide the "Children"  a nicer path than the others.
Private Tutoring, however, on one side , it  surely could help kid  to get a good grades  just in a short time or even make clear all the key point  in their books and final pass the exam . On the other hand, private tutoring could not be cheap,  it seems betray the meaning of studying . What's more, it's impossible to hire private tutors for your kids' all life of studying ,  when they're accepted by a college, all the learning tasks are on theirselves  .
So, personally I think,  private tutoring should be the right way for parents to choose for their kids to depend their learning on .

<start>Nowadays, it is not surprising to find the fact that finding private tutors for children is quite common among parents.
Everything has two sides and it is not an exception . Many people are in favor of it for the reason that it could be a good way to make program  for students . Besides, they believe private tutoring is absolutely of great benefit for students when they spend most of their time on studying other than playing games or  something else.
Nevertheless, every coin has two sides. The advantages of private tutoring is  obvious, but it also has its own disadvantages. Not only does it costs  a lot, but also it will make students more tired and even lose their interest on  study.
People's opinion  vary from person to person. As far as I am concerned. I do not wish my mother afford a private tutor  for me at all. In my personal view, it is one's determination and hard-working  that really matters,  I prefer to spend my spare time on doing something I really love.

<start>As a study recently surveyed showed  that hiring a family teacher at the moment becomes a wides pread  phenomenon. The expert predict it to last for some time them  what is the advantage of the private tutoring  as it is so popular? And what about the disadvantages! 
We can easily grasp that the initial purpose of private tutoring is to help the children  make some progress in their study and relieve their studying stress. What's more, it provides some job positions  for those jobless people or  who want to take a part-time job. Though it seems like a both-benefitted  thing, we can not deny the disadvantages of private tutoring. Hiring a tutor means some a mount of money spending , and it put  pressure on those poor families who can't afford it, thus causing unfair competition. Worse still, it leaves a negative thought on students that they can learn well with the aid of tuitors  despite of not working hard in school.
Personally, I think whether private tutoring is good or not varies from people to people. Everything has two coin , we can't only criticize the disadvantages and neglect the benefit we make  from it.

<start>It is common that parents hiring  private teachers for their children,  nowadays. To my knowledge, some parents even employed  a private teacher when their children are in primary school. Conversely, some parents are finding a private teacher for their children who are studying in  university. How amazing!
I myself, a college student, work as a private teacher. I want to point out private tutoring advantages and disadvantages .
On the one hand, private tutoring can indeed improve children's studying skills and helps  them score high marks . Also, your child becomes the target student and all the content of the private class is prepared for him or her. Children can get extra assit  besides in normal class of school.
On the other hand, private tutoring takes children a lot of time. Children have less time thinking by himself  and evaluat  a dependence to private teachers .
As far as I'm concerned, hiring private teachers or not depend on the study habbit  of children . If they prefer self-thinking, we'd better not to  interrupt them. If children ineed  help  can solve the problem on their own, we can concerning  employing a private teacher for them.

<start>Nowadays  it is normal to hire a teacher particularly for kids.  Because every parent in china want  his or her child to have a better understanding of what they learned in school, and to get higher scores in class.
However  this phenomenon has both benefits and harm. I one hand , students can easily get to understand  what they used to think that is very difficult  through their special teachers. And also, it can inspire students to comprehense  more and to find the interests of  study. On the other hand, students may just depend on their teachers in home  and ignore what their teachers said in school. What's more, the expense of hiring a teacher is very high.
In my opinions , I think  hiring a teacher has more harms than benefits. Studying in school is just enough,  we should not waste of  money. And teachers in home are just a  additional part of study  the most thing we get is still from school.  So I think hiring teacher is not a good way.

<start>Nowadays, it's very popular for private tutoring . From primery  school to high school, a number of students need private tutoring.
Private tutoring offers students the choise  to learn the subject they don't do well in. it  covers the shortcome  of public teaching. However, private tutoring can also make teachers not so hard-work in public teaching . As we all know  private tutoring offers teachers higher salary. Also, many children are forced to accept private tutoring, this can bring them bad emotion  and finally makes them unwilling to go to school.
I think private tutoring is important. Confucious  taught us to teach based on the student you teach . Unfortunately  public teaching can't reach this point. This makes private tutoring necessary. If we make full use of private tutoring.  We must benefit a lot. But if we put it at a higher place than public education.  We may suffer from it.

<start>Nowadays, more and more parents find tutors for their children. The phenomenon is very common, from kids in kinderguaten  to primary students, from junior high students to senior high students, and, to everyone's surprise, even some university students .
Of course, private tutoring has a lot of advantages. First of all, it can help those who cannot do well in their study to catch up with those good students. Then, a good tutor can teach his or her students some extra knowledge that they can't get from school. Third, tutors often have patience with those who learn slowly to make sure they actually learn by heart. However, it also has some bad effects. On the one hand, students teached  by a tutor can easily form reliance on tutors. They don't want to learn anything without a tutor. On the other hand, some lazy students may let their tutors help them to do their homework so that  they can't learn anything.
Well, in my opinion, private tutoring do  have good effects in some aspects. But whether we should find a tutor foe  students depend on students themselves . If they really want to study well, it's good for them to study with a tutor. But if they are not willing to learn, a tutor can only make them worse and worse .

<start>With the development of economy and society, the level of education has been improved a lot. So it's pretty common that parents pay for private tutors to help their kids to study now.
Private Tutoring is a choice to help elementany, primary or senior high school students to master the knowledge they should learn. Almost all tutors are students studying in college, because of the fact that they have the experience to guide the kids, and help them to pass many examinations. On the contrary, these students will be more and more subjective in learning. They can only depend on their tutors and have no capacity to study and think on their own. It's hard to caltivate their intelligence.
Personally, I think there is no need to pay for private tutors. Greatity comes from independence. Letting students study individually can help them build up their characteristics and it's of great benefit.

<start>Nowadays, it's very common for parents to ask for a private tutor for their children. Parents always lay much stress on children and want them to meet their expectations. And what's the advantages and disadvantages of private tutoring?
Private tutors can help students solve their own problems that come up in their study. And they are helpful to teach students how to develop good study habits and how to study efficiently.
However, the disadvantages shouldn't be negkected. Students always dislike to communicate with teachers and classmates with tutors. By relying on tutors too excessively, their self-reliance and the ability to thinking for themselves can decline. What's more. Class that tutors give often takes up children's freedom.
In my opinion, I'm against Private Tutoring. I like to discuss questions with my classmates. And I enjoy solving problems on my own self-study is a great experience.

<start>Recently, privating tutoring for their children is very common in parents, some people say it can help children improve their grade,  but others disagree with them. In my opinion privating tutoring have both advantages and disadvantages.
On the one hand, may parents wants their children have a good grade and go to a ideal college. Privating tutoring is a good way to get the purpose,. What's more tutor can focus on children's neakens.
On the other hand, privating tutoring is expensive, especially find a experienced tutor. So, it is hard for smoe family to  private tutor. And some tutor don't have much expericen in teaching, it maybe delay children's study.
For children, having extra class is tired, maybe parents should think of their children.
It's hard to say whether private tutoring good or bad. But I prefer not  privating tutoring.

<start>Nowadays, more and more parents seek for a private tutor for their children, and some of them even spend thousands of money on purpose that their children can get an extra score, which, as we know, is also popular in HeFei, AnHui Province.
However, is private tutoring really necessary? Maybe different people have different opinions.
Some students think that private tutoring is unnecessary. As a student in Grade 3, we are busy in doing homework all day along, we don't have any spare time.
However, many parents don't think so. The private tutor can enter good universities because they have good ways of learning. Their kids should learn it.
In my opinion, I don't agree with parents. After all, I'm also a student, I know what students really need. Different people have different way of learning, we should never change our nature.
That's all, thank you.

<start>As the grade is considering of great importance in our society, parents al try their best to have their children receive a better education. So some send for private teachers to give their children extra teaching, which is called "Private Tutoring".
As is known to all, private tutoring is becoming more and more popular. But we also have to realize its advantages and disadvantages. It is no doubt that private tutoring can enrich students' knowledge and maybe improve their grades. If it really works the way, that is good thing.
However, on the other hand, are these private teachers really so experienced as you think? Possibly not. From all accounts you will never know a person's thought. So faced with a job from which you can get a high pay, we can't ensure everyone is kind. Be careful, and you will not go wrong.
In a word, do not believe all kinds of private tutoring and think twice before you make the decision. That's what I want to say.

<start>As the society develops, parents care more and more about the education of their child. They think that if the child do not start learning as much as possible, they may fail in the competition in the future.
A good way to improve children's grade is to employ private teachers for children. So the children can learn a lot more than that taught at school. Upon encountering problems, they ask for help as soon as possible. With a private teacher, the child can learn better.
However, there are also negative effects of private tutoring. The children has already studied a lot at school and they're tired when getting home. But they have to continue to learn from the private teachers. So it's easily for the children to be tired of study. And learning will not be effective. It's a loss of both children and parents.
In my oppion, we should meet the children's needs. And try to let the children learn effiently instead of wasting a lot of time that is not necessary.

<start>Nowadays, in china, with the development of economy and the importance of educating, the phenomenon of private tutoring has been more and more often. Parents spend lots of money employing teachers to teacher their children on the purpose that their children are supposed to get great grades in school. However, everything has its two sides.
On one hand, private tutoring might improving children's grades in some ways. Once children have some problems during the school day, they can turn to private teachers for help. And Private Tutoring would help students form a good knowledge framework. Moreover, students can do some extra practice with the guide of private teachers. All of these can be of great help.
However, on the other hand, the private tutoring can be a waste of time and money, because for some children, they don't work hard in school days and they also can be lazy in front of private teachers. As a result, they may not get an enjoyable grade and they waste their time and money.
As far as I am concerned. Only if we work hard in our school can we fully understand the knowledge and use the knowledge. Also, Private tutoring can be of help for our study too, we should make full use of all kinds of resources. So that our parents' efforts are deserved.
Surely, Parents are supposed to know the real need of their children, they shall teacher them according children's interests.

<start>It seems that more and more parents tend to hire private tutor to help their children with their study nowadays. They might feel happy that they've fulfilled their parental duties. But there exist advantages as well as disadvantages in terms of private tutoring.
On the one hand, a tutor may solve the difficulties and puzzling questions children confront in study in time, which teachers in school can't. Additionally, children have more access to fresh ways of thinking that they fail to get from shool. On the other hand, it takes up too much of the little time, children have after class, as a result of which pressure of learning may grow gradually. What's worse, with the help of a private tutor, children may lose the ability to learn on his own eventually. They could grow too dependent on others rather than themselves. Thus the origin of creativity and independent thinking will be destroyed.
As is shown above, I think the regative effects have overwhelmed the positive ones. Children should be given more freetime, choose what they want to learn. Parents should also bear in mind that they'd better ask for children's opinion before deciding to hire a private tutor.

<start>Nowadays, the phomenon that parents find private tutoring in order to make children better in grade is very common.
Of course finding private tutoring for children is helpful. First, a child can have a teacher who only teachers him. So the teacher can know more about the child and find a right way to teach him. It's very great for the chid. Second, child can save the time to go for learning. The last but not the least, a teacher help you learn is better than learning by yourself in many aspects.
But the disadvantages are also evident. The cost of private tutoring is always high. What's more, children will feel more pressed because their parents find private tutoring for them, so they will be nervous to learn better to prove they are not bad in grade. This mood will affect children's normal learning.
According to myself, private tutoring is necessary for those who can't learn well by themselves. A right way to learn is more important than anything. And private tutoring can help children achieve finding it.

<start>It is common that parents seek private tutors for their kids nowadays. Parents hold the opinion that private tutoring can provide a better education than public education in school. Because in private tutoring, the teacher will corcentrate all her minds on you the very student, rather than the whole class in school's education.
Obviously, private tutoring has many advantages. As for kids, they might get more knowledge when the tutor teachs them something new or they might get a better understanding of the knowledge they previously learned when the tutor review text books. But every coin has two sides. There are many disadvantages in terms of private tutoring. Kid will feel stressed as their learning time is forced to be increased. They might be reluctant to learn what the tutor teach, which makes the teaching efficiencyless. In this way, private tutoring may be just a waste of time and money.
From my point of view. I object to private tutoring. as Chinese students, we are faced up with exams all day, we have suffered a lot. We want to relieve our stress, and we should try our best to learn well in our class so that we don't need extra teaching such as private tutoring.

<start>Nowadays, employing tutors for children involving many parents has attracted a lot of attention. The attitude towards this varies from person to person. Some may think it is truly of grest benefit for students to learn better. While others argue it is just a waste of time and money, insisting that students should pay more attention in class, As for me, the popurity of this phenomenon is not a good tendency.
The first point is that students are often very tired after school. Does he has enough energy to have extra learning? In addition, what is taught by a tutor is quite similar to what the students learn in school. Chances are that students will get bored both in school and in the lesson taught by his tutor. The most important factor is, I think, that the tutors are not of the same quilty, some are even not familiar with the knowledge in class, thus leading to a waste of time and money for students. Does this kind of training make any sense? Although, it is a fault that, some students really benefit a lot from his tutor and make great progress in his academic performance, I should say that paying more attention in class is more advisable.
As mentioned above, we can draw a safe conclusion that the key to one's success in his academic is not employing a tutor. The key factor lies in ourselves. If we are willing to learn and study hard, we will never miss sucless.

<start>Nowadays, it becomes a strange trend that more and more Chinese parents turn to private tutor to help their children in study. Parents take their children to the teacher's home or even let the tutor go to their house for their children's after class teaching. You can easily find kinds of advertisement people even introduce college students to parents, which make the trend more popular, because having a college student tutor seems affordable.
Acenerally, a private tutor can help student to understand what the teacher said at class, and it can be see in the improving marks. Furthermore, a good tutor may be a good friends. He or she will be a kind companion which make study a happy work, not a really tough thing.
However, each coin has two sides. Having a tutor may cause the student be absent-minded at class, because he has a tutor afterclass to rely on. What's more, it will restrict the development of study ability. And it will not be good for the students in the future.
In my opinion, study is a happy process for students for themselves. It's not good to have a private tutor for them.

<start>Nowadays, it is very common to call for private tutoring for children. 
Private tutoring has both advantages and disadvantages. It can make us understand what we are studying better, know more knowledge and skills. However, it will take lots of time to repeat the similar drills, and even make some children not listen to their school lessons carefully. It will also cost much and bring families lots of stress.
I think everyone has his own study styles. Whether calling for private tutoring or not depends on the children themselves. If they can understand the course very well, it is no use doing it. They can use the time learn more or relax themselves. If they have difficulty in study, they can call for it. It's important to decide it on one's own instead of imitating others impratically.

<start>Last week, I saw an advertisement, to seek for a private tutor. On the way to classroom. Not surprising, private tutoring is more and more common today.
Why is private tutoring so popular? Yeah, it's worthy. As a student, I have ever met many problems that I couldn't solve. If I have private tutor, he or she can help me. And the private tutor can teach useful skill in solving problems. Then my study will be easier for me. Surely, I'll get high marks in study.
But private tutoring also has disadvantages. For examples, it makes students lazier. The student who has a private tutor may not take intiative to think of the methods to study. Even worse, the student will never learn to be independent. Another disadvantage is that it's right. We are students, so we need to learn. Though I may struggle with obstacles, I can gain knowledge through them. The most important thing is to get knowledge, not high marks.

<start>Today, there are a lot of parents private tutoring for their children.
In most of time, it is good for children.
First, by studying at home, children can get better grades. If a children have a good grade, in China, it means that the children will have a good future.
Next, by private tutoring, children can learn to play some instruments like pianos and so on.
But sometimes, private tutoring is not good for student.
Some students study very hard, they need sometime to relax. But it is obvious that privating tutoring will takes students' time to relax. It will makes students hate studying. And of course, if a student hate studying, it is rearly impossible for him to get a good grades.
I think it is the right for students to decide that they need to toturing  or not. Parents should respect their children's choices. I think toturing will make good fouctions of children.

<start>As the fierce competition in present society and school, children are expected to be more knowledgable or smart by parents. Leading to a common phenomenon, based on the mieority of genious, the externsive private tutoring.
Tutors can be a great factor to improve children. The teachers in school just can not make every students comfortable to study, for the large amount of students, but tutors can. Tutor always have some special plans or methods which is exactly better for their students. But just as the saying goes " Every coins have two sides". In some case, not only will tutors decrease children's leisure, but also they will heavy the burden on children's shoulder, which is so easily to increase the depress and have the interest on study.
As far as I am concerned, parents just shouldn't do things as many other parents. Every child in this world is unique, not the copy of some else. Parents should decide wether to live a tutor on the basis of their children's virtual case, along with the type of tutor. On the other hand, frequent and deep communication between children and parents may have a better effect, for the interest on study after plays the most critical role in the success of children. 

<start>Nowadays, with the rapid development of education, the private tutoring has been brought into focus and almost every parents have employed a tutor. The parents are so concerned about their children on studying so that they spare no effert to employ the "famous" tutor to help them with all the subjects for fear that their children may fail behind without private tutoring. However, it's an issue worth thinking twice.
The private tutoring has brought children advantages and also disadvantages. On the one hand, the experienced tutor can provide childrens with the skills to address the difficult problems. What's more, the children are given a second chance to review their lesson and figure out the question left in the class taught by their school teachers. On the other hand, the private tutoring may help children form a habit of receiving the knowledge without thinking which will do harm on cultivating their ability on self-reliance learning.
In my opinion, it's hard to estimate that whether the advantages overweigh the disadvantages or not. But assuming that the forstering of skills and creativity can we gather from the two poles of these two extremes, to strike a better balance between them and help children to build a awareness thinking on their own.

<start>Now many parents are hiring private tutors for their children, which has developed into a social phenomenon and which do goods as well as harms to children.
The positive aspect is obvious. Tutors help children with problems they meet in study with someone to turn to when they come across trouble, they are more enthusiasm and less likely to feel depressed. Moreover they can learn more knowledge, which is the ultimate purpose of parents. 
On the other hand hiring private tutors may bring along with negative effect. Children may probably count on their tutors and don't concentrate their mind to listen to their teachers in class. Undoubtedly it will severely cut down their grades however they are hard-working after class. 
In my humble opinion, it is hard to tell whether tutor hiring is doing more good than harm or doing more harm than good. What we can decide is that if you have a tutor, you should make good use of it.

<start>In recent years, the phenomenon of private tutoring has been commonly brought into the public's focus. Some parents strongly hold it, while some teachers worry about this tendency. Anyway, this phenomenon has become popular. 
As the proverb sayings "everything has two sides". As to the private tutoring, we also need to measure it in both sides. Supporters think private tutoring is complementary to the study in school. Some students may not understand what they learn and private tutoring will help them to grasp the knowledge completely. And this will promote the grades. What's more, by private tutoring, students can acquitance a new learning way. But on the contrary, private tutoring has its harmness. It will make students more reliable, and listen to the lessons in class not well. Meanwhile, it's harmful for the students to think about problems themselves. So this is what many educators worry about.
In my opinion, I don't support the private tutoring. It's harmful for the learning ability of students. And it is unequal to the students whose family can't affort it. Learning is by yourself, not the private tutoring. So I think this phenomenon can stop, if proceed, the learning ability of students will strongly decrease. 

<start>As time goes by, the people in the society should have more abilities. So more and more parents begin to give their children private tutoring. 
The teachers who parents invitate can teach children more details that the teachers in class may forget to teach. And if the students have some questions, they can ask for help from private tutoring also has many disadvantages. Some students have learned all from private tutoring so they will not listen to the teacher in class carefully. And private tutoring brings students more stress so that they can't have a rest very well.
In my opinion, I'm against private tutoring. I think if a student wants to study well, it is enough to listen to the class and there is no use to teach those who don't like to study.

<start>As we can see taday, more and more parents are hiring private teacher for their children. This is common in our school. Some of my classmates work as tutors to earn money.
It's easy to understand this. Competition is severely in school now. Mnay parents worry that their children may fall behind. So they hire tutors to teach them. No doubtly, it can help their children figure out what they can't learn in school and solve some puzzeling problems. But, every coin has two sides. After a long period, some students may over rely on private totoing and not listen carefully in school, which in turn affects their study. 
From my point of view, hiring private teachers is right to some extent. But we should not over rely on it. We should put emphases in school. Hard working is most important after all.

<start>These days, parents employe teachers or university students to their home to help with their children's work is quite easy to see. We should think about it.
On one hand, we know, these students who can get help at home may have more chance to get progress and later have a good grade. But on the other hand, we should worry that when these kids always think that they can learn these knowledge at home more times, will they focus on their study at school? And, the expenses to hire a teacher is always very expensive, it may heavier their parents pressure. 
In my opinion, parents should try to find whether it is very necessary to hire a teacher to teach their children at home, and then make the decision.

<start>Now, private tutoring is so normal that every child has his tutor in China. Because of the educational system, parents are all make their babies good boys. But is it good?
In fact, turtor can help children learn more and easily. Under the education of turtor, some children are very good in their class. Even they are better than students who are older than the. Also, they will always be said good. But ther are also some disadvantages. Because of being tought by a personal turtor, children may lose the ability that learning by themselves. And at first, they may be brilliant, then they can't go on without turtor once on the turtor left. So we must take seriously about it.
In my opinion, turtor is important. But parents must learn how long should the turtor do. You can give your children a turtor  just when they need it very much. So parents must do this seriously.

<start>Now, it is very common for parents to ask for private tutors to teach their children. I think it is a very complex questions to say if it's helpful or harmful.
On the one hand, it certainly has some advantages. Firstly, children can learn the lessons for a second time. So that they can understand what they learned better. Next, they can ask the tutors the questions they can't solve themselves. Also, tutors can tell them some experiences about how to do better in their study.
But also, everything has its two sides. On the other hand, it has many disadvantages as well. For example, children may not listen to class in the school because they can learn it again at home. This situation will be very dangerous in their study. At the same time, they won't do their homework on their own. When they meet some difficulties, they will ask tutors instead of solving it themselves.
So in my opinion, tutoring is not necessary at all. After all, study is a personal thing. They only way to study well is thinking more and practicing more, and these are the things tutors can't give us.

<start>Nowadays, many parents ask for a private tutor to help their kids' study since their kids don't do a good work at school or need some special training like preparing for math Olympics.
Different people think differently on whether we should  private tutoring or not. On the one hand, private tutors can help pupils do their homework when they are stuck in a question. Some students get grate scores after having a tutor help him or her. On the other hand, some students rely on their private tutors too much and don't concentrate on listening to teacher's lessons in the class. Private tutoring provides different treatments for different kinds of students. It also helps those college students from rural areas find a job to earn some money by their knowledge. But then some tutors are not qualified. This can lead a bad result on students asking for help.
I support having private tutoring. Based on a good teaching level and a good contact with parents and kids, private tutors can do well. Private tutoring varies education forms and reaches a double-win result to both tutors and families.

<start>With the time going on, we not only can afford the fee of school, but also are well-off to employ a private tutor. Besides, private tutoring seems has been taken hold by more and more parents.
However, does it will just have advantages? Of course, there are some disadvantages at the some time.
Some people are for the idea to have a tutor. The private tutor will provide a higher quality than those teached in a big classroom. Once the child has any question, he can end to the tutor for help without any competition. What's more the private turtor will pay more attention to the child and can find what he need to practice.
With all these advantage, there are others  think ill of the idea. They say it will make the child used to work by himself and have no willing to perform as a member of a team. What's worse, it can result in the cold friendship between the youth. And it is terrible.
As for me, I think we should combine them we can call for a private tutor at the same time make the child play and learn with his classmates. Then, we can have both the advantage.

<start>As we know, Private Tutoring is becoming more and more popular in modern society. Parents always make their efforts to seek for various tutors and arrange their children's holiday time for different kinds of intensive lessons for example English calligraphy, painting and so on.
Why does private tutoring become so normal? In my mind, it is intense competition that contributes to this tendency. Versatile students are always more competitive, which means they have more opportunities to succeed. Thus, Parents have to send their children to different private tutoring for fear that their children would be left behind.
In some way, private tutoring can help children make friends learn what they want, expand their horizon. So, it will make a significant contribution to their future career. On the contrary, excess private tutoring may well occupy too much children's spare time and make them too depressed. It is very dangerous.
So, parents must always interact with children and learn what is in their mind so as to arrange rational private tutoring. 

<start>Recently, private tutoring has become more and more common and it also raised the public attention. For many parents want their kids have good grades, they hire tutor to teach the kids in the free time.
Absolutely, private tutoring can improve one's grades in many cases. As we know, grades are very important and have profound influence on one's growth, when you have a high scores, you can choose colleges. In todays China, only in this way can you step into a key college.
However, every coin has its two sides. Kids are so tired today. Should we hire tutor to give them more pressure? What's more, private tutoring is useless sometimes.
In my opinion, private tutoring is suitable for the students who really need it. For many children, they have talent in other areas such as writing and painting, why hire tutor to teacher them?  Parents should know what their kids need, and every child is prefect to a certain extent.

<start>Many parents want their child to perform well at school, they will be proud of their child for their high scores in the exams, which make the private tutoring a comment phenomenon in our day life.
As a matter a fact, no one can deny the fact that tuoring is a useful way to the students' study. They can master what they learn better at school and always make great progress. However, it's seems that we never care the feeling of the children, we even do not ask them whether they like it or not. The children have to work hard in the school, when they come back, they have no right to do the things they like.
As far as I'm concerned, we should not advocate this phenomen, it too hard for the children and it will have a bad effect on their growth.

<start>As we know, students are suffering stress in study today. Many student can't keep up with the pace of teaching. So they and their parents feel very worried. And it is common for parents to invite private tutor for their children.
There is no doubt that private tutoring has helped students a lot. Tutors give students more chance to get knowledge. And practice can be done better with the help of private tutor. So the grade of students has been increased. 
However, every coin has two sides. Private tutoring also have some disadvantages. Many students rely on it while they don't pay attention to classes at school. The time for playing and doing exercise also become not enough.
In my opinion, private tutoring should be considered helpful. But it shouldn't be the choice of every student. Only  they are in need, private tutor should be invited.

<start>These days, It's very common for parents to send for teachers to help their children study at home, which is called private tutoring. Private tutoring is intended to help students study well, but it has already arouse argument about it.
Of course, private tutoring is good for students' study. Students can not only study at school, but also study at home with the help of teachers, which will help them grasp knowledge well. And when having problems, students can seek help immediately from teachers, which won't leave problems in their study.
However, every thing has two sides. Firstly, if you study only by teachers, it will be hard for you to study without them. Once you don't have teachers, how can you study? Second, some teachers just want to make money, thus they won't help you from their heart. In this way, they will waste your time and energy.
In my opinion, it's necessary to have private tutoring when you have trouble with study. If you can learn by yourself, school teachers are enough for you . There is no need to spend money and time on private tutoring when you don't really need.

<start>Currently, it's a common practice to find a tutor for childrens.
Of course, a tutor can make a difference in the learing of childrens. When children have problems in study, a tutor can help them solve problems so that the children can make an advance in their study.
At the same time, finding a tutor has some disadvantages. On one hand, it may lead children to think less and make children independent to solve problems. On the other hand, finding a tutor may cost a lot.
In my view, finding a tutor is a good practice if necessary. If your children really have problems in study and they can't solve these problems dependently, a tutor can help a lot. But if your family is not very rich, you must consider this action seriously, because it may make your family's economy load heavy.

<start>Now in China, having a Private Tutor for the children is common.
The benefits of Private Tutoring is that: Firstly, it can provide many poor college students  some income. Secondly, The children who have Private Tutoring can learn freely. They can get something that can't be learned in school.
The had side of Private Tutoring is that many Private Tutor is not good enough, it may waste the  

<start>A new phenomenon emerges into our horizon that private tutoring from children becomes more and more popular among parents, which can greatly facilitate and enhance children's ability of learning.
Virtually, from one hand, private tutoring can serve as a face-to-face teaching plat-from which can help students fully understand the problems and finish their word. What's more, the capability of learning can be enhanced during the process of communication. Also, the teacher may have his own ideas on different problems, giving students a huge impression. But on the other hand, private tutoring would cost a lot of money, which burdens some families. Even worse, if you don't choose the teacher correctly, the students would receive bad effects on their study, which may last for a long period of time.
In my point of view, students should fully consider their own situations on every subject, making an evaluations of private tutoring and considering their ability, and then make the informed choice. Only in this way can they benefit themselves. 

<start>Now, it is common that parents pay a lot of money to look for family teachers teaching their children.
"Don't let your children lose at the beginning!" The word is so famous in china that almost everyone know it. Most parents want to look for a family teacher teaching their children Because they do not want to let their children lost at the beginning. Although it can make their children more knowledge, the children may be terribly tired. Also, some family teacher are not respective and they could not teaching well.
In my opinion, looking for family teacher is not a wisely chosen. Studying hard at school is the most important thing to their children. If parents have to look for family teacher, it is necessary for them to choose a good teacher.

<start>Nowdays, with the developing of the economy. We Chinese pay more attention to children's education. Private tutoring is very common and popular in society. I will talk something about it.
On one hand, the private tutoring is benefit for kids. The teacher will easily find the student's problems in study and turn out plans right towards it. The effect is great. The student will grasp knowledge more tightly.
On the other hand, private turing is not the perfect. It usually costs a lot of money. The student will no more care about the normal circumstances. In this way students can't progress much.
In my point of view, students should both pay attention to the private teacher and the normal school. In a word, students should be beneficial from both of them.

<start>Education plays an important part in a child's early growth. In order to give their children better education, many parents employ tutors for their children. It has been a common phenomenon to receive early education from a tutor.
 In fact, tutoring really plays an active role in education. It assures the quality of education and the children can get what they want to know from their private teacher once.
However, tutoring also has negative effects. Those who receive education at home may lack the exercise of communication. Besides, the efficiency of private tutoring is second to public education.
Every coin has two sides. In my opinion, private tutoring will become the good way to receive education. But we can't make it replace school education.

<start>It has been a common phenomenon to get private tutoring for children nowadays. It is said that a mother in HangZhou once paid one thousand for a tutoring, and I have to say that as a freshman in campus, I'm doing a work of tutoring, too.
There has been an extraordinary controversy on whether parents should get private tutoring for their children. Many people held that we can benefit a lot from it. Firstly, with a tutoring, children can acquire knowledge out of class, which ensures that they get enough educational resources and much more training. Moreover, they can establish a long friendship with tutoring teacher. Take myself for example, on festivals I would come over to visit my student's family and they would treat me as a special guest. At last, Family tutoring is an excellent activity for college students like me. We can learn from the social experience.
While others are negative to it. They think that to begin with, children with private tutoring are lack of the ability of studying by themselves. Furthermore, for college student, it's a waste of time to earn that money, they think that everyone's fulture is more than these if he has a dream and works his tail off, so it's not suitble for them to get in the social job.
In my opinion, Private Tutoring is really a nice experience to both teachers and students, so I think it's benifitial.

<start>Nowadays it's popular to have a private tutor for one's children. This is both a good thing and a bad thing, I think.
The good thing is that private tutoring shows people are more and more educated, not only at school, but at home. And private tutoring can give many people-especially college students-jobs. It can improve the wealth of the country.
But on the other hand, it can also make children more and more unequal on their education. And it creates much stress on parents. Some parents can't afford private tutoring, put they don't want their children to lose on their startline. It's hard to solve these problems.
And in my view, I hope people can be more wealthy in the near future so that everyone can afford private tutoring, and private tutoring would be more and more popular. So is the best, I think.

<start>Employ a private tutor for child is prevatent recently in society. In most parents' view, a private tutor considers only one student, but a normal teacher has to scatter his plan while enforcing his assignment. On another point, a kid may not pay attention to his teacher in a big class, but he has to be with his tutor, conversely.
But no one denies the fact that a private tutor is not fit for all students. In history, a tutor is employed for teaching a rogal kid, and now the situation is similar-it still costs a lot, and apparently many families cannot afford. What's more, a tutor can let a student be despoiled.
In my point of view, we should be rational when we choose to employ a tutor for kid. Sometimes, we can just let a kid do what he likes.

<start>Nowadays, having private tutoring is becoming more and more common. But there exist pros and cons on having private tutoring for children.
Those who are for it say that it's more efficient for children to have hand to hand teaching because teachers in school can't learn every child well.
But those who are against it say that it's only a waste of money. If the child really has the stimulation to study. He would teach himself. He won't need private tutoring. But if he has no interest in study, having private tutoring is useless.
In my opinion, firstly, I'm against having private tutoring because I think most school's work is enough for a child, having private tutoring may heavy the child's burden. Secondly, I think of a child really has energy to learn more, he could try teaching himself and discuss it with his classmate, those are very precious experiences for his future. Thirdly, I think apart from study, a child can do many meaningful things from helping parents to doing volunteer work. Having private tutoring may decrease the chance of these.
In all, although there are some advantages of having tutoring, I'm againt it.

<start>Now, many parents search for private tutors for their children. To help children get a good grade or have chance to go to a good university, parents pay much money for private tutors, and take much time for good ones without a little complain.
In China, children are only expected to study hard, and get a good mark that is enough for a good college. So private tutoring is very popular. Then, it provides jobs for many lay-off persons, graduators and poor students in colleges. At the same time, children will get better education, and may make great progress in studying. Of course, it's what the parents want to see. But, for many Chinese families that aren't rich, they can't afford private turtoring. There will be a great different between children with private turtoring and children without. More and more private tutoring will cause, that many children rely others heavily.
In my oppi

<start>At present, it seems common for parents to pay for tutor for their children. You can even find the advertisement everywhere. "As there's the policy that school can't have lessons on Saturday and Sunday, tutoring looks like the only choice." A father said to me.
Why parents choose tutoring? Is it good for students?
Someone think it bad. It's obvious that it take students' too much time, which they want to spend playing the guitar, chatting with friends online or doing something they like. But now, they have to face headachs for them.
But, just as every coin has two sides, others, especially parents think they have no choice. They want they children to be good at studying and to be excellent, and now, tutoring can help.
I think that having or not having it, it's your own choice. From my point of view, some students may need it, but others don't. for example, some students may find it difficult to understand their teachers in class, so, tutoring will help him or her. So when necessary, you may just take it as well.

<start>Today private tutoring is very popular because people become richer and parents lose their children so much that they don't want them to fail at the starting line.
Private tutoring is usually effective. It help children get higher scores and learning something out of class. But as we all know, it has many side effects. Private tutoring is usually very expersive and many ordinary families can't afford it. So it is up fair for those poor families. Private tutoring also takes a lot of time and children may be easily tired. What's worse, it is not good for children to form a habit of independent.
In my opinion, private tutoring is useful but not necessary. It is reasonable for those who don't do well in their study to ask help from private tutoring. But it is better for than to learn by themselves, which is cheaper and more efficient.

<start>Nowadays, there is a common phenomenon that parents have private tutor for their children. Students not only have class in school but also study with private tutor at home.
Some people who hold the opinion it's helpful to have private tutor think students can learn more knowledge and understand the causes better with tutor. Also, different student has different problems and learning style. Education in school can't exactly solve each student's problem. However, students with the help of tutor may become lazy and depend on other's help.
It's harmful to build their independent abilities. What's more, students will be under pressure and have less free time which is bad for their health.
From my point of view, I am against to make students study with private tutor. We study for gain knowledge and train our mind which need our own efforts. Only by thinking by ourselves can we grow up.

<start>It's a common sence that parents seek private tutor for their children now, especially in big cities. It led to a heated discuss through the whole country.
There are many advantages of private tutoring. Firstly, it can help those problems with their school work. Then, it can also provide a good chance to those who are very good at their study to learn something others in advance. Last but no the least, it can improve the students' knowledge level.
However, it also has many disadvantages. The most bad effect is that many parents  seek for private tutoring just follow the step of others, and not based on their children's need, which led to a serious social problem.
In my opinion, private tutoring could exist in our country, but only those who really need could have access to private tutoring.

<start>There are many parents to find a teacher to their children at home now. but there are many things to be think about Private Tutoring.
Of course, a private teacher will pay more attention to teach on kid. And the kid may understand the knowledge on the book better. But there also have some disadvantage. A provite teacher would cast lots of money .and the kid could not develop there abilities on learning by himself better.
I think parents should give more space to their children to study by themselves. It will help a lot for their future.

<start>Home tutor is now very common in Hefei. And fortunately I've been a tutor for several months this semester.
Being a tutor have several advantages. I can earn money, I can practice my capacity and I can improve my teaches skill. And the most important I can help others and get happier.
But It also have more disadvantages. I have to go to a same place once a week It's very far and it's really a waist of time on the road. I lost a lot of private time. Things even cannot be clean on the schdel. 
But my own opinion is not about myself. If I am a student who needs a tutor and realiy have a tutor. I'll we this advantage to improve my grade.
Having a tutor can help me learn more. He can teach me the things I didn't catch in class.
But don't forget. Hardworking is the most important.
 No good grade lies on lazy work. 

<start>Nowadays more and more parents try to look for private tutors to improve their children's abilities of learning. What they believe is that with the help of the private tutors and more time to spend in studying, it's certain that their children will get high scores or have better abilities.
It is know to us that private tutoring is sure to have some advantages. It can give children another way to learn. It may also lift up the children's sprits to learn. Moreover, tutors can also give some nice learning methods. But private, tutoring can also make students rely on tutors more. They may become more dependent. What's bad, some children may be tired learning because the time for learning is more than before.
So I think private tutoring may not be good for children except those who really have difficulties in some subjects. I believe that children need to explore their way to study independently. Only by our own abilities can we learn better and better.

<start>Nowadays the competition in exams are more and more serious. As a consequence, private tutoring become commen and the number of the students who have a private teacher growing rapidly.
First of all, I admit that private tutoring has many advantages. Teachers in school serve the whole class. They can't pay undivided attention to every students. Nor can they make themselves suit for every students. So some students may not acquire as much the knowledge as the teacher deliver and may lose his interest in study. In this case, having private tutoring can be beneficial. The teacher only serve one student, so that student can choose the method he like and ask whenever he doubt and the most important is that he can get full attention.
However, when private tutoring become just a way to improve grades, it really lose its meaning. And so it does. Large enough as the schoolwork is, students still have to set aside time for private tutoring, which makes students extremely exhausted. In this condition, I doubt whether private tutoring is still effective.
As far as I'm concerned, before having private tutoring, we should consider our own situation. If I can learn well on my own, the private tutoring is meaningless. Only if the teachers in school don't suit me and I find myself haring difficulty in learning shall we consider to turn to private tutoring for help. And only in this way can private tutoring really benefit you.

<start>Nowadays, more and more parents employ private tutors for their children in order to improve their grades. It has been a common phenomenon.
On the one hand, private tutors can teach children something and answer their questions. It is more convenient for children to ask private tutors than to ask their teachers. So private tutoring make children's study at home easier. On the other hand, children may rely on private tutors without their own thoughts. Moreover, they may not listen to their teachers carefully in class because of private tutoring and then they will miss much important knowledge from teachers.
In my opinion, private tutoring has more disadvantages than advantages. I think children can learn well without private tutors if they are hard-working.

<start>Nowdays, it's a very common phenomenon that the kids need tutoring in study. Is the tutoring in study good or bad for the kids.
On the one hand, the tutoring in study is good for the kids. After all, the tutors is very good at studying, so he can help kids learn better. And the kids can improve his grade. 
On the other hand, some people argue that the tutoring is study has a bad effect on the kids. First, it only let the children depend on the tutor. It can't improve the children's ability to think on his own.
In my opinions, I think kids need some tutoring in their study. Because they ary so young that they can't learn the knowledge on his own.

<start>With the development of education, the bandon of students is more and more heavier. For example, there are many subject they should learn. Except those, they may also be forced to learn more, such as singing, playing piano, and even math Olympics.
So, a child can have several tutors to teach him. The private tutoring becomes more and more popular. But,  I have some ideas about that.
Without doubt, private tutoring can afford children almost everything they need. It will increase the chance that they turn to succeed. But, do you think the kids feel happy? No, they complain that they have no time to relax, they have no time to playing and even they have no time to sleep! In my opinion, this condition do great harm to kids.
I think we need not to let our children learn to much. But we should teach them how to learn. And we must let themselves choose what they are interested. If they like it, they will feel light-hearted and try them best.
They can enjoy themselves and improve themselves. Why not?

<start>Getting a tutor for kid is a common occurrence in today's lives. But there is no consensus among the people as to the view of whether it is good to employ a private tutor.
Some people believe that getting a tutor for kid is good, because the tutor can help their kids in studying. And it may being them some benefits. The most typical example is a belief among the parents??????  don't let children loss at the beginnings.
However, others argue that private tutors do harm to the kids. They point out that students have little spare time nowadays, it would make children stressed out if we still have them take classes at home. Children might hate studying because of this kind of pressure.
Weighing the pros and cons, I am indined to agree with the latler. Admittedly, the former point of the view seems sensible in saying to some extent. But the latter is becoming sarious problem among students. More and more students complain about their work. If we do nothing to stop its development, our education would be a failure.

<start>Now, we live in a society filled with competition. How can we become winners in the game? To some people, private tutoring, which becomes more and more popular, is a good choic.
Private tutoring has some advantages. Children can get a lot of help in study from the teacher. And they may make a progress in a short time. They learn more knowledge in the books that can give them a wouderful world. I n a word, private tutoring benefits them a lot. However, Hever are some harmful things. Because of the study, children lost the time of taking part in some outdoor activities. So they are in bad health. They can't growth. Besides, private tutoring limits children's daily life.
In my opinion, I think private tutoring is a good thing for children. But we should strike a good balance between study and sports. We should have a wonderful life.

<start>At the present, lots of parents are concerning about their children's grades. As a result, almost every child has a private tutor. And parents often pay much in order to improve children's scores.
Views are divided on this topic. The advantage of tutors is that tutor can help the child with the subject which he is poor in rather than all subjects he learn. Therefore, the child can spend more time on his worse courses with the help o f the tutor. It does good for his study. Besides the tutor who only teach one student can change his teaching contents or style according to the student. It seems more efficient. But every coin has two sides. There are also disadvantages. Private tutors make kid spend less spare time And children are always taking lessons and writing homeworks. They don't have enough time to think and relax. It makes them feel tired.
In my opinion, parents can fire only are tutor for their children's worst subject if there is great need. If the child's grades are not very terrible. Parents don't have to find a tutor. Because child can improve his grade by his own hand working. Parents should believetheir children's abilities. I think it's better and more meaningful make great progress by themselves than by the tutors.

<start>Nowadays, with the fast pace of development of society, competitions on job hunting and getting further education has becoming a common sight.
However, different opinions divided  into two groups towards it. Someone who votes the idea would do this definetly, saying that this would boost their kids opportunities to get employed and win an edge of getting a better further educated. Besides skills of making a living can be developed is a real bounus, as the old saying goes "One bird at hand is better than two brids in bush".
The other would frown at it, say that it was a practice which put unnatural restrictions on children, and it would be a waste of time and money rather than letting a child to play at play ground which will help them to build up their strength and develop a good relationship with other kids.
As far as I am concerned. A child's needs should be give priority to. Anyway, he is the one who is receiving the tutor's education. We should let a child to choose what he is interested in, and I'm sure it will get a better effect than pushing him to learn.

<start>Nowadays, it is extensively belived among parents that inviting a private tutoring for their children is essential. It's no wonder why is this phenomenon so common.
Does it work? Different people have different opinions. Undoubtedly, the students who don't catch the main ider of their teachers need someone to ask for. Private tutoring suits them fine.
As every coin has two sides, this has not only a good result, but don't harm to some students who has already mastered the knowledge good enough. Some parents force them to learn extra lessons which burdens the students, which makes them live a unhappy life without playing games with others.
From my point of view, we should invite a private tutor only if we have been left far behind. Communicating with our classmates is a very useful way of learning.

<start>Nowadays, it is very common for parents to hair private teachers for their children. Today, being richer, normal families are able to afford them and in order to make their children study better, parents are used to hairing private teachers.
It's natural for parents that they want their kids to get higher siores. And the college students can also gain social experiences by being a private teacher. Of course, children will take the chance to learn more effective methods to study well and get a high score from private teacher. However, he result is not always good. Sometimes children may be more anxious or tired or boring when they study because of the wrong way the teacher teach. If the private teachers can't increase their students' interest in study, it's not only a waste of time but also a waste of money for the children and their parents.
In my opinion, private tutoring is a way of making children study better but not the only way. What's More important is to make children know that study is useful and interesting. In this case, children will learn more from private teachers.  

<start>In recent years, there has been a growing tendency in inviting tutors to teach children's lessons. Almost everywhere, your eyes will be pinned by various advertisements which hires tutors.
Of course, having a tutor to teach children is a good way to improve children's grades. Not hooked on study, children need a guide helping them. With the help of tutor, children may burst into interest in study. Not only could the tutor teach children how to learn, but also children have a resource to inquire whatever they'd like to know.
But then, every coin has two sides. It's many problems that hiring a tutor will bring about. In modern society, lacking the capacity of independence, children need more exercise to be self-reliant. When getting a tutor, it will be much more difficult for children to be independent in study, for there is a person children will learn nothing but spend you piles of money.
From my point of view, it's not necessary to get a tutor. Parents should make children know how to rely on themselves. And it's an important ability to study by oneself. So, as parents, it's right to assist children to sultivate a good learning habit.

<start>Becently, more and more parents would like to call the private tutor for their children. They believe that private tutoring can make their children study better and get more scores in the exam. And private tutoring can also make their child make good use of their time After school. But is it really ture?
Well, in fact, the private tutoring does have many advantages. It can make student learn more knowledge about the private tutoring is one to one , so that student's problem can be easily found by the tutor and can be solved more easily than in school.
But the private tutoring also has many disadvantages. Some students will all depend on what the tutors teach them and concentrate less on the school class and even can't histen to the teacher in school. It's very degrous for them. And private tutoring will spend much time so that student won't have much time to learn by themles and they won't have the ability to learn by themselves.
In my opinion, I don't think private tutoring is good idea for student, if we concentrate  more on school class and study hard, we won't have to need private tutor.

<start>Nowadays, the phenomenon of private tutoring is very common. Students range from primary school to high school mostly have or had private tutoring. This brings about some problem.
It is true that private tutoring has benefit on students. First, it forces students to study at home even their parents are absent. Then, it guides kids according to their own characters. What's more, parents care more about that private tutoring can increases their childrens' scores.
However, there are also some disadvantages. First children lost their childhood as well as their interests in study. Moreover, their creatirite would also lost while study under the lead of their private teachers.
In my opinion, private tutoring has more disadvantages than advantages. Though we should teach children knowledge we still give them their own time to have fun.

<start>In the competive society, it is common to employ a private tutor to teach children.
Parents who employ private tutors think it necessary to make their children more intellect. Sometimes, what the parents want is only the high scores. So it may make the children feel bored about learning. What's more, the private tutors are not so professional. Some tutors are university students or students who have just pass the Colluage Exterance Examination. However, tutors do contribute to progress in children's ablity or scores. 
In my opinion, if the children's scores are not so pleasing. It may be necessary to employ a private tutor. Other wise, why nor develop the children's own interest?

<start>Now we may find that in our society, it's common that many parents get private teachers for their children. More and more college students do private tutoring after school. It's even becoming a popularity.
In my opinion, for the parents, there are some benefits to get a private teacher for their children. A private teacher can prevent their children from playing all day at home. Also, children's problems on study can be solved easily at home. Private teachers and children may not have generation gaps. So it's convenient to communicate with each other.
But there are still some disadvantage of private tutoring. Home is not a good place of study because there is not the atmosphere of learning. Children may not focaus on studying. And children may not focus on their formal classes because they think they have teachers at home. It's harmful to their study. It also costs money to get a private teacher.
So, getting a private teacher for children is wealth considering. There are advantages and disadvantages. Even the teachers' abilities may affect the results. Before getting a private teacher, please consider more.

<start>It has been general for parents to find private tutoring for kids. But will private tutoring really have good positive effective on kids? It's not certain.
In fact, there is one thing that can be ensured. Private tutoring experience and skills at study. Further more, good private tutoring will not only affects kids in study, but also have good influence in terms of personalities and characters.
However, there are also bad influence. Private tutoring will make kids become more dependable. They may be confulless at school because they can learn at home. And they may be less willing to solve problems by their own. What's more, a less responsible private tutoring will not only have bad. Effect on kids, but also  a waste of money.
In my opinion, private tutoring is really not necessary. Kids should learn by their own, which will make them more independable.

<start>As we all know, it is a time of knowledge and information. In order to help children grasp their studies well, nowadays, it is common for parents to pay for a private tutor.
But is it perfect? On one hand, we admit that private tutoring really works in some ways for example, it help students to get a better understanding to their courses, do their assignment better, and learn courses in advance However, on the other hand, it also has some had effect. On students, Sometimes, students may think that even though don't learn by heart in classes, they can catch up with others because they can benefit from private Tutoring. It's not a good phenomenon.
So in my opinion, and I think students wether should receive private tutoring is depending on different situations. We need to receive private tutoring according to our situation.
But, wether or not we can receive this special education, we should do well with our own studies. It is the matter, we need to pay more attention to our classes.

<start>It gradually becomes common for parents to find tutors for their children currently. Different people have different opinions on whether it is necessary or not.
Private tutoring obviously has some advantages. It may be suitable for the students who can't adapt to the style of their teachers at school. Furthermore, it can help inprove the grades and can make it easy for students to inquire and communicate with the tutors. Students feel less stress than in classroom and the tutors can get close to them.
In contrast, it also cause some problems. For example, some tutors may not be knowledgeable and can't teach students, even cheat money on the grounds of tutoring. What's more, it may not work out at once when students have tutors, and it can cost lots of money.
By my accounts, I prefer not to send for the tutors. If the students can't catch up with the teachers at school as someone else, how can I expect them to make great progress with the help of tutors. Also, I think in the most parts, it will cost numerous money but benefit a little. So, I would rather inquire teachers for help or consult the materials, which will help us a lot than tutoring.
To sum it up, I embrance my conuication that private tutoring

<start>Nowadays, because the subjects students especially high school student studying become more and more difficult, students always have trouble in study such as some can't catch teacher's idea on campus or have difficulty to finish their homework. To deal with these problem. Students and their parents usually select to employ private teacher to help with studies.
As a mater of fact, I also have private tutoring during my high school. General speaking, private teacher can solve some of our study problem. But, on the contract, the private tutoring will make us have the idea to rely on the teacher other than our own thinking. Of cause, employ private teacher will cost lots of money.
So, in my opinion, if we have study problems, we can select to employ private teacher, but not must. What we should do is relying on our own onove and developing our ability to studying which can solve the problem totally.

<start>With the development of the education system. Private tutoring has aroused the concern among parents. It is very common for parents to hire a private tutor for their child to make sure that their child can gain a higher score in school.
When it comes to the advantages and disadvantages about the private tutoring. Peoples oppioons very from one to another. Some maintain that tutoring can not only ensure the childs a higher score but also caltivate their interests of studying and drive them work harder to realize their dreams. However, others argue that the tutoring is nothing but a waste of money, it makes children have less time to enjoy themselves. In addition, what the tutor teaches may mislead them.
From my perspective, the private tutoring has more disadvantages than advantages. First of all, it can't meet childs' favor for the most case. Secondly, the school learning is enough if children have devoted themselves in it. Last but not the least, the quality of the tutors can't be sure. Above all, we should think over before we have a tutor.

<start>Nowadays, it's very common that parents hire private tutors for their children. Students in high school, middle school, primary school or even kindagartern are privately teached after school. Many parents never consider their children's willing. Some parents ask tutors to teach their children more, and the rest parents do so in fear of their children being left behind. So it's kind of competition between families.
Apparently, private tutors can teach students much. Students can enjoy extra happiness of getting knowledge. Also studnts can have more individual education because private tutors are always one-to-one. So students who have private tutors are more competitive that their peer.
However students also suffer a lot from private tutors. It's natural that young people like playing. Private tutors take too much time so students are always very unwilling to have their personal education.
As far as I'm concerned, it's not a good way to give students extra education from private tutors. First, it's unfair for the students who's family can not afford a teacher. Second the students have enough education in schools, what they really need is just practice. Third I think private tutor may cause students unwilling to study because they would feel study very boring and tiring.
So it's not a grad way to hire private tutors for students.

<start>Nowadays, it is a very common thing for parents to employ tutors for their children, ranging from primary school students to high school students. There has been a hot debate on the effect private tutoring have on students.
Many people think that private tutoring benefits students a lot. Private tutors can help students a lot because they can focus on the student's own problem, so that a method more suitable to the student can be developed. And when students have some problems in school, they can turn to their own tutors for help. In addition, the tutors may be more patient and have a good relationship with the student. But there are also some people against private tutoring. They hold the idea that students may be too dependent on the tutors to study hard at school and solve their difficulties on their own. What's more, employing private tutors will add up financial burden for the family.
In my opinion, private tutoring does more good than harm. As long as the student not only turn to their tutors for help when they have difficulties in their studies, but also study hard at school and take good advantage of their school resources, private tutoring will help the students with their students greatly.

<start>Nowadays, parents pay more attention to children's education. So private tutoring is becoming more and more popular.
Absolutely, private tutoring can improve students' scores in some degree. Through learning more, students will know better than what have learned in class. And they can learn how to answer a question to get a higher score. But everything has its bad aspect. Private Tutoring prevents students from thinking by themselves. What students do is to accept what others said. Also, some private tutoring doesn't have good teachers, that may make students' study worse.
As far as I'm concerned, it's up to students whether to ask for private tutoring. The thing that suits you is the best one.

<start>With the stress of examinations, more and more parents think their children need special help in study so that they can have a better grade. It is very common now that parents employ private tutors to teach their children at home after class.
In fact, the private tutoring has both advantages and disadvantages. On the one hand, it is really effective for students to improve their grades. But on the other hand, private tutoring costs a lot of money. And it can make students only depend on private tutoring and neglect what their teachers teach in class. Besides, some teachers may pay more attention on  private tutoring job and don't teach their students carefully in school.
From my point of view, I think it is really necessary for some students who act poor in their study to accept private tutoring. But I think if they catch up with their classmates, they should stop accepting private tutoring and adjust themselves to the normal process. Relying on the private tutor is not good for students' long-term development.

<start>Private tutors, also called private home teachers, are popular in many cities. Private tutor is employed by parents to help promote the ability of their child to solve problems. In this way, the private tutor gets extra money from daily work and the child may get higher marks in his or her exams.
But what I want to stress is that every coin has two sides. On one side, the private tutors are always students from universities, such a job may help them support them finish their study by making full use of their spare time. In the meantime, when the child get high marks, parents will be happy and feel proud of the child.
On the other hand, when told what to do, the child may be lazy to think of ways to solve the problem. It's terrible to help them acquire knowledge to adapt to the society.
In my view, it's bad to employ private tutor for the harms may be serious than the benefits.

<start>Nowadays, many parents realice that students should take study as their priority. Therefore, it is a very common way to ask for private tutoring in China. Is it a wise idea?
Private tutoring has lots of advantages. By all accounts, private tutoring can solve the problem in learning. Only in this way can the students learn actively and more freely. It increases the communications between the students and the tutors, so it's a good method of learning. Just like every coin has two sides. There exsits some problem. First, the students may rely on the private tutors too much. It does harm to students' ability of self-reliance. More importantly, students can not make progress if they don't solve problems by themselves. Private tutoring may be useless. What's more, some families may not afford the expense of private tutoring.
As far as I'm concerned, I am not in favor of private tutoring. Study is our own business. We don't have to depend on parents, let alone private tutor. If we accumulate knowledge and develop skills by ourselves, there is no need to ask for a tutor. We can achieve it without private tutor, can't we? 

<start>As we all know, in order to make their children get good grads in exams. There are many parents employ personal teachers for their children. Which has becoming fashion in Chinese society.
Of course, private tutoring also has advantages and disadvantages.
What we have to admit is that private tutoring can improve students' ability. Students always can't comprehend a point, which private tutoring can help them. What's more, private tutoring can provide students with systematic training, which is helpful to improve students' grade.
However, its disadvantages can't be neglected. Because of private tutoring many students may not study hard in school. And,  students spend much time, when they should relax to save energe which is used to study, in private tutoring, which makes students tired with study. And private tutoring may cost much money, which takes extra financial crisis to come family.
As for me, I go against private tutoring. We should study what we need to study well in our class. And we should do some other thing in our free time instead of study. The life of teenager shouldn't be full of study. The life of teenager shouldn't be full of study, which should be colorful.

<start>In modern society, competitions in every areas are becoming more and more fierce. Because of the situation, private tutoring has been very common so far.
Parents always think about their children's future, so they need private tutoring to make sure their children can live in society when they grow up. So we can see the advantages of private tutoring, it may help students acquire knowledge more well, even learn some new methords which cannot be taught at school. 
On the other hand, private tutoring also has disadvantages. It takes students spare time. 
In my opinion,

<start>Nowadays, many parents have employed a teacher for a family teaching. They think it very useful and can do many good to their children. And what's more, many parents even employed two or three teachers at the same time.
But do parents know? If their children are willing to learn? If their children can really learn something from this? If their children are happy with it? I think these questions should be sonsidered by parents. I asked many classmates who have a family teacher when I was still in high school. The majority of them complained that! The said that they hated that. They can't play games, can't go to the parties, all the things the do is study. But still, some said it's useful, they can learn something new from that. Furthermore, through family teacher, he can grasp and understand knowledge better. 
As far as I'm concerned, parents should not do that. At least they should ask their children first. Although it may be good for their children and I also know it's just for children, all thing should decided by children!

<start>Today, there exists a common phenomenon that parents ask for private tutor for their children. And in the USTC, if you submit your information to the Tutoring Center, a lot of parents will contact with you about private tutoring.
As every coin has two sides, the private tutoring also was positive side and negative side.
In one hand, it will surely contribute to your child's study. The tutor will use his studying experience and his understanding of knowledge to help you child, besiders, the tutor will be more considerate than the child's teachers. Both of these could help you child to review or study further better. On the other hand, asking for tutor will spend both your money and your child's time. It will make your child unhappy. Yesterday, I found a mother taking her daughter went to the classroom for tutoring. The tutor taught the child from 6 pm to 11 pm, the whole five hours, and the child may be only ten years old. If the child can catch up with his classmates and get good grades, just please let him go. You should let he do what he interests rather than force him to study.
As far as I concerned, if your child could tackle his study well, the private tutoring is unnecessary. Give your children his or her own time to do what he want to do, and let them enjoy their childhood.

<start>Private tutoring is very popular now. People think good grades may mean a good university and then a good job, so they think their child's study is very important. When their child's study isn't very good, they always want to help their child, and invite a private teacher to teach.
It certainly has same advantages, because child can learn more than what their teacher teach in school and be more familiar with the knowledge. But it also has same disadvantages. Child may learn too more and get tired. They will listen to their teacher less in school, and will not learn something they should learn. 
In my opinion, private tutoring is useless. Because teachers in school can teach almost everything they need, and if they learn them well, they won't learn anything else and finally they can get a good grade. Private tutoring can also need a lot of their time and they will not have much time to do what they want to do.

<start>Nowadays, it's very common that parents to ask a private tutor for their kids. So is it a good way to help students' study?
Some people think it's of great advantage. Students in school have many problems, so they can ask their tutor. Sometimes, they may feel falling behind, and then they can get the help of tutor to keep up with their classmates. What's more, a tutor can provide many new things and skills that can't study in school. So having a private tutor may make them have advantage than his classmates.
However, other parents hold the opposite view. They argue that students now already have enough time for school, and they needn't study too long time at home. Besides, if students have questions, they can ask their teacher or discuss with their classmate, it is a waste of money to invite a tutor. What's worse, kids may be not independent in study if they have a tutor. So they are object to invite a tutor.
In my opinion, it maybe a good way for study to invite a tutor. Not only can you get their help, but you can learn something new. So I think private tutoring have more advantages.

<start>Nowadays, people lay more emphysis on education and want their children to have a good grade. So more and more people would like to hire a tutor for their children. As a result, hiring a tutor for children is becoming more and more popular.
However, some people hold hot debates about the advantages and the disadvantages of hiring a tutor. Some people are in favor of it. Because they think a tutor can teach what children haven't understand. What's more, the tutor can help children to cultivate the interest in study. But, some people are against the thought. They think children tend to dependon on the tutor and don't know how to study on his own. It's bed for children growth.
In my view, I think hireing a tutor is very important. The tutor can make up for the weakness of studying. But children should always rely on the tutor. Children also should slove the problem on their own as possible as they can.

<start>Facing the fierce competition in study, it is common for parents to invite private tutors to help their children nowadays.
Obviously, there are many advantages in doing this. To begin with, with the help of private tutor, many children do better in their study. Besides, children can make up for their weak subjects to achieve balance in study. In addition, private tutor can help children in many aspects not just in study. However there are many disadvantages which can't be overlooked. In order to invite good private tutors, many parents spend lots of money, which put more pressure on them. At the same time, children have little time to develop their own interests.
In my opinion, the disadvantages of inviting private tutors outweigh the advantages. Instead of inviting private tutors. I think it is more wise for parents to encourage their children work harder in classes. When having some problems, children can also turn to their teachers and classmates.

<start>Nowadays, it's a common thing for parents to hire a private tutor for their children. Concerning advantages and disadvantages of private tutoring, people have different ideas.
Some people think private tutoring does good to students study, because a tutor can concentrate on only one student but not a class. That is , a tutor can know where the student's weakness is better, and help to get over it.
But others hold opposite opinions. They suggest that private tutoring is a waste of time and money. It takes extra time of students, making them tired but it makes no difference. Methods of teaching must be changed instead of increasing study time by private tutoring.
To my opinion, private tutoring is unnecessary. Many of my classmates have their tutor but do little progress. I think it's our attitude and efforts that count.

<start>Today it's common for parents to employee a private tutor for their children. So much so that you can find the advertisemend looking for a private tutor almost everywhere. The rises in the living standard is one reason, while the emphasize on the education is another.
Private tutoring can help children make a much deeper comprehension of the text book after all the "one student teaching" style has an obvious advantage than which in the school. Tutors can lay down teaching plans according to the student himself. But it's not all advantages when it comes to private tutoring. Students have spent a long time studying in the school, if there is a tutor teaching in home he won't have anytime to think while thinking is the most important way of learning.
In my opinion, children should learn by himself. Maybe it will be difficult at first. But after developing the ability of thinking it will be much easier and he will do much better.

<start>Now, it is very popular to hire private tutoring for the children.
Of course, private tuoring is good for children to get more knowledge and improve the ability of children to calculate. Of course, with private tuoring, a child's prides in school may be a little higher. However, it's also true that children have little time to play games. They have to spare no efforts to accomplish their homeworks. And they lose many chances to communicate with other people. They will be unhappy with their life.
In my opinion, private tutoring is not bad while it doesn't occupy many time of children. But if it comes too frequently, a child will hate studying. Then, he won't have a good grade as his parents expect. So private tutoring can be existent but not anytime.

<start>Nowadays, it's quite common to have private tutors for students in primary and middle school to assist their study. Of course, private tutors can help us learn better, but at the same time, having private tutors do some harm to us.
In terms of the benefits we get from private tutoring, we have a lot to say, for example, when we don't understand some knowledge fully and have some puzzles, we are able to get help from our private tutors. What's more, we get the opportunity to discuss our idea with our private tutors and learn from them during the discussion, after all, they have more knowledge than us.
How, any balde have two edges. We must see the disadvantages of private tutoring. First, we may depend too much on private tutors and can't develop our ability of study independently, which is quite important for a colleage students, therefore we may fell hard to adapt ourselves to colleage study. Second, it cost a lot of money and time to have a private tutoring, it may be financial burden  for some family.
In my opinion, we should try our best not to have a private tutor, after all, the course in primary school and middle school is not that hard to learn. By study independently, we can develop a good habit to study, which will benefit us all our life.

<start>Nowedays, it's common to see that parents spend money on their children's private tutoring, which is a job also .
Private tutoring help the child focus on his shortage. So that it is easy to improve his study. Those who want to be private teachers also have a chance to get a job for more money or more skills.
There are also some disadvantages. Firstly, the cost of the private tutorings is notalittle , which will put pressure on poors. Secondly the child has less time to play because of the private tutorings. 
As far as I'm concerned, whether a child need a private teache is depands on his own situation.
In some ways, the ability to study by oneself is the most important skill which everyone should achieve.

<start>Nowadays, more and more parents worry about their kids' study. And it is normal to employ a tutor at home. Is it good? Well, like an old saying: Each win has two sides. Private tutoring has its advantages and disadvantages
First of all, the fact is that the students always get a good grade with the tutor's help. We must admit that private tutoring is helpful. If every student has a tutor, students will acquire more knowledge. Obviously, it does good to the society.
However, on the other hand. It seems that children are always not willing to have a tutor at home. Why? The reason is not that the children don't want to get high scores, but the tutor will spend a lot of time. As a result, children won't have enough time to do what they like. It does harm harm to children's creativity. So that it is not so good to ours.
As far as I am concerned. Parents should make the decision in terms of their kids' study. If the kids' study is very good, there is no necessary to find a tutor. Conversely, if the kids' study is too bad, I think a tutor is necessary. As we all know, only when the kids acquired enough knowledge can they develop their creativity.

<start>Having a tutor for child is very common for many parents nowadays. Parents want their children to have good grades. Some parents want their children to learn some skills which can make them more comfident in school. That why parents are willing to spend much money on hiring a tutor.
The benefies of a tutor is obvious. They can help children promoting their grades. This is also a good chance to earn some many for college students. Of course it has some disadavantage. Some tutor don't have enough knowledge to teacher . So some tutor may mislead children.
As far as I concerned, I think the most important point is to improve the level of the tutors. Government should have standard for this job.

<start>Nowadays, there is an increasing number of parents who let private tutors help their children study. Is it necessary for private tutoring? People's view on it varys from person to person.
Nodoubt , private tutoring has its benefits. First of all, it is an effective way to improve children's study. Because private tutors usually have various experience and they will tell you some great methods to study or how to get high scores in the exams. Secondly, it does good to the students who always don't understand in class. They have private tutors after class and it unables them to come across the problems. What's more, there are always private tutors encouraging and supporting you when you have difficulties in study.
As every coin has two sides, private tutoring has its drawbacks as well. Children may rely on them too much, so they can not have the independce of thinking or learning. Worsestill, they may give all their questions to their private tutors and let them to solve problems, but they never think over the problems on their own. So they can't improve themselves in this way.
In my opinion, private tutoring is beneficial to us, but we should not rely on them to much. The essentical way to improve yourself is hard working and making efforts on your own.

<start>As we all know, in China, parents usually tend to put too much emphasise on their children. With the development of the econorny, most families' income has risen, so what if children have difficulties in their study while parents are too busy to offer help? The answer is: asking for private tutoring.
Nowadays, it is an increasing tendency for parents to search for private tutoring in China for their children. When their parents and , as a result, parents become worried excessively and cannot wait to search for tutors.
We have to admit the fact that there are fierce competitions everywhere in today's society. To prevent children from falling behind, parents have to take some measures to push them ahead. However, as we all know, every coin has two sides. Private tutors can get extra pay from their work while student will understand something they didn't have a good command of before in turn. On the other hand, private tutoring increase a family's economic burden and may disturb children's learning process. Wores still, if the children fall into the catgory of learning by oneself. 
In my opinion, when parents prepare to search for tutors for their children, it's necessary for them to ask for children's opinion. To do it after they reach an agreement would be the best choice. Only then can both of them receive the expected results.
In a word, private tutoring is necessary or not, depends on whether the children really need it. So please be advisable before you make decisions, parents?	

<start>It's common that parents taking on the private tutoring for their children is. Many college students and high school teachers come for private tutoring.
Different people hold different views on private tutoring. Some people consider it as a efficient way to improve student's scores, but some people do not. The private tutoring can help students understood the knowledge given by teachers in the classroom fully, and it can help students know how to solve difficult problems. However, sometimes the private tutoring can drive students to be tried of their study because of the heavy burden. Because, if the family isn't rich, it's hard for them to afford it.
In my opinion, whether to take on private tutoring depends on the condition of family and the feeling of the student. If the child want to better his study and he have time to do it. I think, it is suitable to have a private tutoring teacher. 

<start>With the intense competition in school, some students feel hard to keep up with the study process of their classmates, and some students want to make breakthrough and get higher score. When teachers in school cannot satisfy all the requirement, parents may need private teacher to help their children. So this is why private tutoring is popular now.
Unlike school courses, private tutoring has its own advantages. First of all, it can aim at students' poor subject, and adapt to students' situation. In addition, it can provide students with some knowledges that teachers in school don't say in class.
However, as coin has two sides, there is no denying that private tutoring has disadvantages. In general, private tutoring often costs high expense. What's more, it may lead students to getting bored of school class.
In my opinion, private tutoring can help students to some extent. It may help students get high score in the exam, but I doubt that whether private tutoring can offer true knowledge and throught to students. In short, I think private tutoring is good.

<start>Nowadays it's common for children to have private tutors. What's on most parents' mind is that private tutoring can help increase. Their children's grades and develop their children's learning skills. But in my opinion, those parents need to think further about it.
On one hand, children will feel much more comfortable when learning from tutors as in class they have to adapt to the pace of the entire class. On the other hand, some inexperienced tutors can contribute to the decreasing of children's interest in learing because they can do nothing but force children to repeat boring process, that is, to learn knowledge by rote without letting them understand it. Those tutors can't benefit children at all.
As far as I'm concerned, it's worthwhile for some children who have trouble in learning to have private tutors, but parents should choose tutors carefully to assure that the chosen tutors can help children make progress.

<start>Nowadays. It's quite common to find a private tutor teaching children in many families. No matter how old are the children or what the children's grade is, parents prefer to employ a private tutor to improve children's grades as they said.
Obviously, a private tutor can help students learn the knowledge which taught at school, and help them get a better grade. Private tutor can also teach student what the teacher didn't taught on class, which can enlarge their knowledge and open their sights. However, a private tutor means less free time. And students, especially primary school students, should have had a good time to improve their creativity and imagination. Which is not good for their self-study ability.
In my opinion, parents can employ a private tutor for if it really necessary. But I think the disadvantages or private tutor are more than the advantages. After all, children need free time to do thing more important than just study.

<start>As is known, finding a private tutor for the children is becoming common. Because lots of parents think it good for the progress of their children.
However, every coin has two sides. So is private tutoring. The good side is that a private tutor can help children solve the problems that they don't understand in the class. Also, they can assist them to get rid of the weaknesses in study. Maybe private tutor can even receive  children's stress which comes form the exams.
However, behind the benefits, there are a lot of harm. First of all is that it may make children dependent on tutor. They become idle, and they don't like to think as usual. Second, they used to. All of the above can make children grow to hate studying.
Though private tutoring has two sides, in my opinion, I don't agree to find a tutor. I think it's a waste of money. If a student want to study well, they will spare no effort to make it. We have classmates and teachers to help us, it's no use to find a private tutor.

<start>With the development of the society. Parents pay more and more attention to the study of their children. So asking for a teacher to help with study in the house is becoming normal.
Some people support this idea. First, they believe it will benefit the study. Second, study alone in the house will make children to focus on the subjects. And with no doubet, it can provide a better environment for study.
However, some don't think so. They point that in this way, children will rely on the teacher their parents asked for instead for learning by themselves. What's worse, it's a waste of money.
In my opinion, it's not a good idea. I believe, students should find the happiness for the study on their own instead of relying on teachers outside the school. At the some time, the useage it takes is the heavy burden to many families, which is not fair for many students from counties.

<start>As we all know, it is quite common to have private tutorings to teach childrens, especially in modern cities, in order to help their kids make greater progress in math. Physics, english and so on. With the development cotizens' life, parents pay more attention to their children's education. 
On the one hand, usually those students get into lo of class. They get more concern from teachers. It's easier for them to get used to a subject because they get plenty of experience, using money to exchange it that summed up my others. It's both beneficial.
However, it is unfair for those who don't have enough money to get a private tutoring. Secondly, students who get extra help will become idle. They gradually lose interest and don't want to think over things by themselves. It's bad for their further development.
As far as I'm concerned, it is necessary if your child is quite poor in a subject to have a private tutioring if only you can afford it.

<start>Every parent want his children to do good job at school, but in the meantime, the children will have heavy pressure about their study. Without any effort theirselves, parents always find some "excellent" teacher to help their children's study.
When I was in high school, my English is not good. My mother searched for an English teacher who teacher me English every week. When she was coming despite I couldn't learn a lot from her. I still could ask her some problem which I met during doing the homework. As a result I earned a lot  help from her and my English seams better.
Such as every coin has two sides, this thing is no exception. There are a lot of tutors variously in the market who have different capacities. Some are good but some are bad. Finding a good teacher is very important which will affect the result. Because maybe you spent a lot of time to study following him, but do not get any promotion. It is a waste of time which you will regret.
As far as I am concerned, finding a tutor to help your study is a key, but don't find to many tutors which just will let your precious time flow away. A good teacher may help you a lot, but a bad teacher also may destroy you!
Remember this: One preciously is much better than ten badly.

<start>Recently, private tutoring has become the forcus of the people concern. But the opinion of this hot topic varies from people to people.
Some people think it's good to let their children have a private. In their views, there are two factors contributing their attitude as follows: In the first place, the private tutor can help their children solve some difficult problems. Eurthermore, in the second place, children also can get some learning experience from their private tutor. So it goes without saying private tutoring is good for their children's study.
Other people differ in their opinion. They hold the ider of the disadvantage of private tutoring overweight the advantage. In the points of their views, on one hand, private tutoring can block the development of the intelligence of their children. On the other hand, they think private tutoring also do harm to the independence mind. Therefore, there is no doubt that private tutoring is harmful.
As far as I am concerned, I firmly soppurt the views of the first one, that's private tutoring is do good to our society. Not only because it can help students solve their problems, but also because it can creat many work opportunities, so that many college students can do a part-time job as a private tutors to earn money.

<start>Have you ever noticed the prevalent phenomenon that many parents employ private teachers for their kids currently? It has aroused a heated controversy.
Some people think that private tutoring is if great significance. Taking the fierce competition between students into account, private teachers can equip kids with extra knowledge and skills, which assit kids to stand out in study. On top of this, the fact that some students can't take in what teachers teach. On the spot in class contributes to private tutoring in a degree. On the other hand, some people hold the opinion that private tutoring will deprive kids of their free time during which they should develop social skills with others. Besides, too much pressure reselting from nstudy needs relieved. 
From my personal perspective, there's no need to employ private teachers. Teaching resource now in school is adequate. Only when students concentrate on their study can they make progress in it.

<start>Nowadays, many parents invite private tutors for their children. The phenomenon is widely common which beyond my original prediction. As a matter of fact, many classmates have a part-job like private tutoring and some classmates in high school had a private tutor to instruct him or her.
On the one hand, private tutoring has some benefits for the reason that it can solve the specific problems that children encounter, therefore, private tutoring to some extent can be of high efficiency. On the other hand, it also has many disadvantages. Most important of all, it does harm to the ability of learning by themselves of children. In addition, though a private tutor can make you understood the knowledge, without process of exploring how to learn, it will have an effect on their future on the long run.
As far as I'm concerned, I oppose it. From my viewpoint, this society needs the ability of learning fast by oneself in that the development of society calls for more skills to be developed continually in a specific position when you must learn it on you own, so I think we must strengthen our ability to learn indepently rather than depend on others.

<start>With the development of the education and economy, many parents hold the idea that school education can not satisfy their needs of educating their children. Therefore, they turn to private tutoring regardless of the cost should all parents follow this? Maybe, we should think twice.
On one hand, private tutoring does have some advantages for instance, if students doesn't figure out what the teacher teach in class, they can ask the private tutor for help. Morever, students can communicate with the tutor face to face, which can promote the understanding of what they learn. Besides, the private tutor can teach them more carefully because the students are less.
On the other hand, the disadvantage can not be ignored. Private tutoring must take up the spare time of the students. As a result, the students will not get a good rest and be in loco spirits in study. In addition, the cost of private tutoring is expensive, students' family may not afford this. What's more, this may let students get into the habit of relying on tutors.
As far as I'm concerned, parents should decide another to ask for tutor according to what their children learn in class and their economy. Don't follow others without thinking.

<start>With the increasing competition pressure in our society, most parents try their best to provide good condition for their children, hoping them developed well at the begin of life. Besides, as a result of the development of economic, household incomes promote. So all these contribute to a common phenomenon - hiring private tutoring for children. But does this really effectable?
As we know, private tutor can help students learn in their spare time. Maybe it will assist them grasp more knowledge. But in the meantime, it takes lots of children's time. They have little time to relax and entertain. It affects the characterstic develop of children.
In the point of my view, I don't think it's necessary for students to have a private tutor. Most children can learn much enough and well enough through the class if they really want to. I think it's more important to help them be aware of the importance and methods of learning, not learn by rote.

<start>As we can clearly notice, the common phenomenon of private tutoring is gaining the public's eyesight nowadays. Large numbers of parents hire tutor teachers for their children regardless of the high cost. 
Competitions being so severe among students, parents undoubtedly want their own kids to learn more and better. So they choose tutors to serve their purpose.
Every coin has two sides. On one hand, student can solve problems, learn more useful things with the help of their tutors. On the other hand, while they benefit the teachings of the tutors, students are losing the capability of self-learning, namely, to study on their own. gradually.
From my point of view, as regards to studying, we students should rely on ourselves and learn independently. Then the tutors won't be that necessary. Thus, with the help of our tutors, we can perform better on our own. 

<start>Nowadays, there is a popular and common phenomenon that more and more parents want a private tutor to teach their children hoping they can improve children's grades in study.
Related to this topic, different people have different ideas. Those who support private tutoring pay more attention to the advantages it brings. For example, Tutors can teach children some extra learning skills or knowledge that they may not get acquire at school. Also, Tutors give children a chance to communicate and discussion with teachers more easily and more often. Most important, tutors can make a special study plan that is fit to children's study ability to make the children keep up with the tutors. However, there are also some people aren't in favor of private tutoring. They say some family can't afford to employ a private tutor and if the children doesn't really learn something from the tutor, the money will be wasted. In addition, some tutors aren't responsibale enough.
In my opinion, The advantage of private tutor for outweigh the disadvantage. In most situation, children can often benifit from the private tutor. 

<start>To children, the weekend used to be a highlight. Of the innocent entertainment after a week. Of studying in school. But it has became a memtory now for parents generally replaced the ralex by the private tutoring.
Private tutoring is real a effective method of improving one's study in a short time. On the other hand, it does cost children's time after shool which should  a comfortable relax rather than tedious studying. And the most important of all the tutoring will hide the problems of student's studying such as mothed arrangement and attitude, not reveal them.
Private tutoring teaches student to cover the problem not to solve it. Even we assume that it helps student get a good score in elementary and middle school, what should him depend on when he enter the university. Everone's time is limited. So we should learn to make good use of it, studying in class, having funing after school and face up with the studying problems instead of covering them by private tutoring.

<start>Private tutoring is applied by more and more parents to improve their children's school work, especially wealthy parents.
First, by inviting a private teacher to help student to deal with study problems. Students won't felt so stressful when dealing with difficulties. Also, they can aquire more basic knowledge and skills more easily. But on the other hand, with the help of an extra teacher, they cannot develop their self-reliance skills quite well. They may do a bad job after school. So, it's hard to say whether the advantages overweight the disadvantages.
As far as I see, different cases should be treated differently. First, if a student do a bad job in his class because of his laxiness or unwilling to learn, it is useless to find a teacher for him or her. But if a students really have problems with him for intellectual reasons, it is reasonable to find a good teacher to lead him through difficult times.

<start>As well known, privating a tutor is very common today. Because many parents think it will be helpful to let their child have extra lessons at home. They think tutors can help kid solve issues can help kid review and can teach kid something that teachers missed in class.
But on the other hand, there are also somethings bad. For example, many students will become lazy because tutors can help them solve most of questions. Besides, many tutors are so good that will teach something that very difficult to understand, and some are so bad that cannot teach anything useful.
So in my opinion, parents should think over that if their kid need tutor above all. If not, they should not do. Then you should chose a good tutor who can really teach your kid something useful and will not replace youskid to solve every question. What's more, the kid's opioion is also very important. If he or she do not want one, it's better not privating tutors.

<start>Nowadays, as the Chinese parent fixed more attention on the study of their children, the private tutoring is also a common phenomenon and it evolve with improment of everybody's lives.
The popularity of the private turtoing is good in some ways. To some extent, it can improve the grade of the children in a great short time and the tutors can help the student solve the problem and difficulties he or she has met with in his or her study life. Besides, it also do good to the unemployment of the society and let the people who haven't find a part-time job be back on their feet.
After all, every coin has sides, the disadvantages of the privater turtoing, I think, is that it will decrease the interest and the ability of the self study of the student. That is, it harm the initiative of the student, which is of great importance to the study of the student. 
Therefore, in my opinion, the parents shouldn't employ turtors unless the situation is very bad and the exam is drawing near. 

<start>The phenomenon of private tutoring is becoming common. Many a parent think  this mean that parents pay more attention on education. On the other hand, many people protest them.
Though the children who have the private tutoring may have a higher mark in the exam than the children who don't, it also take many times in learning the some thing. Anyway, without a good way of education, some teachers living on private tutoring may misconduct the children, and damage the interest of study.
However, in my view, the suit thing is best. To the children who may have difficult in study, the private tutoring may let them see the glimmers of hope of future. But then, to the children who don't need extra lessons, the private tutoring maybe a hightmave for them. Without the private tutoring, they can spend time on what they are interested in. Such as music, painting, and so on. As parent, they should know their child enough so that they can help them in whether children need the private tutoring or not.

<start>It seems that it's popular for parents to find a private tutor for their children. Even in my middle school there are undreds of students are willing to looking for a private teacher, though it's dramatic expensive. 
Private teachers have great advantages that school teachers can't compare with them. First, a private teacher just like your employee. You have the parner of decide whether he can get the job or not. And whenever you feel boring or just unhappy, the private teacher can be fired. You can find a teacher which suit you completely. But in a school, even a teacher hate all students hate him, only the headmaster can let go. Another benefit of private teacher is,  a private teacher is your private teacher, he make plan of his class and decide the defials of his class, it's all based on you. In a school, though you are a teachers apple in the eye, he have to consider all students in his class.
Though the private teacher have some of disadvantages. A private teacher is expensive espically a teacher has abundant experience and knowledge. Some top teachers cost 3000 for a week, just an hour per day. A private teacher usually a short part-time worker. Thus you cannot make a deeply development of friendship between you and a private teacher. And a school teacher that you may keep in tonch with him for years is a friend for the life.
A private teacher or not? That's a question. Private speaking, a private teacher is a good way for study better than search for knowledge in hundranls of books. It's your private teacher, and a private teacher brings a happy study.  

<start>Currently, it's a common phenomenon that many parents spend money on private tutoring for their children. Take myself as an example, I attended three private lessons at weekends. As far as the parents are concerned, their children should not fall behind in the competitive society, so they're willing to spend extra money on it.
As the saying goes, each coin has its two sides. On the one hand, private tutoring can make up for children's weak points to the point. Compared with school education, it cares more for self problems rather than common ones. Thus,, it'll help students make progress more easily. On the other hand, it also has disadvantages, it'll take up students' spare time and do harm to their overall development. Children spend more time in study thus lack other activities. In addition, it'll led to a bad atmosphere , teachers would receive more money from private tutoring. And it's unfair for those who're poor unable to invite private tutors.
In my opinion, we shouldn't have great passion for private tutoring. If the children really need one, we can invite private tutor for him, otherwise we don't have to do it.

<start>Nowadays, it is extremely common for children to have private tutoring or "after-class classes". Given the fierce competition outside the school and the great pressure from tough exams, it is really no strange. But what we are concerned about is that whether they are useful or not.
From some parents' and teachers' view, private tutoring is necessary. They always argue that students who want to score high marks or do a much greater job in exams cannot get enough knowledge just in classes at school. And private tutoring can just make up this part. However, at the same time, many other teachers and parents hold the view that it is a bad idea to have private tutoring for many students start to ignore the importance of learning in class and some even rely on the outclass study completely.
In my opinion, it is not good to attach too much attention to private tutoring. After all, class is the most important learning place and most teachers will teach all the knowledge their students need to cope with the examinations. So if not really necessary, private tutoring should not be adopted.

<start>Nowardays the phenomenon that having private tutoring for children is very common. Many parents hope to help their kids study better by this way. I think private tutoring has it's advantages and disadvantages.
As for the advantages, first, the teacher who goes to students home just teaches one or two children at a time. So he can express his ideas and knowledge more patient. And the students can learn better. What's more, some college students also do tutoring. They have their own ways to study. And sometimes these ways are easier for kids to learn and understand. But on the other hand, having private tutoring costs a lot of money. Some families in poor condition can't afford it. 
In my opinion, students should study hard at school when they have problems, asking their own teachers is their best choice. I don't think private tutoring is a good method. Anyway, school is the right place for us to learn and our own teachers know us better. Having private tutoring may also let children feel lonely and lose the chance to communicate with others.

<start>Recently, it has become a common phenomenon that parents ask a private tutor to help their children in study. With the development of science and technology. Our  living condition improved a lot and the completion has become fiercer than ever before, not only among adults, but also children. So it's reasonable for parents to do so. However, is it neccessay for children?
A private tutor can solve the problems a child encounter in time, which help him or her hold the interest and keep going for more knowledge. In addition, when the child wants to learn something not related to study but interesting and meaningful for him, the tutor will give him a answer adequately in detail. Besides, they can build a friendship between them.
Everything has two sides and private tutoring is not an exception. For one thing, it tighten children's schedule so that they may have enough time to relax or do other things such as playing basketball. For another, it takes parents some money to employ a tutor, which is a heavy burden especially for the relatively poor family.
It's hard to say whether the tutor does more good than harm as it depends on the situation of the children. If he is poor at study, it would  a good choice to have a private tutor.

<start>Nowadays, along with the rapid development of the economy, people are putting more emphasize on their children's education. To improve their academic grades, may parents employ private tutoring to teach their children, which is a common phenomenon today.
As a matter of fact, it has many benefits. For example, since time in class is so limited that the kids may not fully understand what the teachers say, thus having difficulty completing their homework. The private tutorings can help them solve their problems and then check their homework, in which case, students are liable to make greater progress in studies. In addition, in this way, parents can spend less time on their kids' grades and be more concentrated on their work, making them enjoy their own life more.
However, employing a private tutoring also bring bad effects. With more time studying, children will have much less time doing something else that may contribute to their all-around development. Which is harmful to their future life. What's worse, some tutoring may not have so high level that students can't learn much from them.
As far as I'm concerned, I'm in favor of employing private tutoring. Despite the bad influence, it does do many goods to kids' studies and enable them  more likely to achieve high grades than others.

<start>Now many parents hire private tutor for their child. They think school educating is not enough or their child cannot catch up with other students at school. So they lat the kid study at home with a private tutor.
Obviously private tutoring makes children study more and develop their grades, because they can ask whatever they do not understand to the tutor. However, it takes more time of students, and the student may get tired with study if they study all the time. In my opinion, students should study more at school, and most students don't need private tutoring. Instead they can spent the time doing what they like.

<start>With the society developing, the competition between people of the same age become more and more cruel, and parents are worried about their children education more than ever before. So a new way to help children with their study exists-that is what we call Private Tutoring, which is quite popular nowadays.
When it comes to the disadvantages and advantages of private tutoring, many parents argue that it is a perfect way to fill the spare time of their kids at weekend, so that they can spend more time on study, not on video games. But there're still quite a few people view it as a burden for children, which make  children inactive and tired.
In my opinion, private tutoring is an unnecessary luxury for children. As a student myself, I do realize that private tutoring is not the only way to improve study. It is even useless for some others. I think private tutoring only provides more time on study, but the essence of study is not the time, but efficiency. Instead of employing a teacher. I would rather to find a more efficient way for study.

<start>Nowdays, it's really common to employ family teacher for kids. But, is it a right choice?
There is no doubt that family teachers can develop children's marks at school, which is the biggest reason why parents prefer family teachers. If students can't understand their classes clearly at school, family teachers can help a lot. At the same time, family teacher may test his student and then teach him in his own way. And students can learn easier by this way.
On the other hand, there's also many problems about it. Firstly, kids may depend on their family teacher too much and they may study less at school. It's really harmful. Students should study hard at school and family teacher is only supposed to help them if a student give up his school study because he has a family teacher, he won't get good marks, too.  Moreover, some family teachers are not good at teaching, they only want to earn some money. Some family teacher even help his student do his homework and cheat parents.
I think every coin has two sides. We should face this problem seriously. No matter you prefer a family teacher or not, remember ask your kid and try to leave him to make the decision.

<start>In the mordem world, education is playing a more and more important part in society. Some parents concerns their, children's future, so they think out a lot of ways to improve their grade. Now, employing teachers and teching at home is a very hot topic.
Teaching at home has its advantages and disadvantages. At first, it makes children learn more things and expend thire viewsight at the same time, children can grasp easily what they have learned in the school. But on the other hand employing demands a lot of money, and it can make children lack of self-reliance. What's more, some teachers are not responsible to their job, and some children learn little.
In my opinion, I don't agree with teching at home, for one part, learning at school is efficient. What we should do at home is to review the things we have learnt and do some pre-reading on the next content. I think employing teacher is wasting money, after all, some family is not rich. So I think the best way is to study hard in school. If you are going to succeed something, work for it, you must be able to do it.

<start>Now, children in a family is the most important, the parents care for this or her study very much. So, the home teachers turned out. They teach the students in their own home. It's general for a family to pay for a home teacher to do their child a favor.
Paying for home teacher has advantages and disadvantages. On one way, it can make the students study more hard, some students without the help of home teacher can be so patient to study in home. But, on the other hand, it makes students can't get the habit that study dependent.

<start>Obviously paying a private tutor for help children in studying is quite common nowadays. Since the children is facing up to more and more pressure on study in school, it is a way to rise their competence.
There are both advantages and disadvantages in private tutoring. For one hand, the child may learn more from private tutoring and get a better soce in exams. Also, the tutor get pratical experience and money when tutoring the child.
However, it also cause some problems. It may not be necessary to have a private tutor for a child bence it is a waste of money. Still, the private may bring bad influence on your kids instead of good one.
From my point of view. The good of private tutoring weighs the bad. Your kids get more opptuity to study and have touch with a different world.

<start>With the development of culture and education, there are an increasing number of parents who are willing to devote their child in their study and outdoor activities. The phenomenon has come up that a great number of parents invite private tutor for their child to improve their grade. Nowadays, there a heat discussion about it.
Some people hold the view that it's more advantages to invite tutor. They believe that private tutor can help and educate the young one on one instead of teaching a lot of students. Which seems that private tutor can design a special teaching agenda for the child. Moreover, private tutor can teach child knowledge as well as experience in the test or in daily-time.
But others hold the opposite view. They think it that the private tutors, as we all know, are yound, which means that they may lack of teaching experience. And they believed that studying in a group will improve more efficiently than studying alone.
As far as I am concerned, every coin has two sides. The most essential thing for us is to find a way which fits the students best. Whether or not to invite private tutor are both the ways to success. We should pay no effort to study instend of depending on others. After all, the fate is in our hands.

<start>Nowadays, there exits a very common phenomenon that parents employ private teachers for their children.
Each coin has two sides. On the one hand, there are some advantages. First, it can enlarge students' horizon which otherwise is pretty small. Second it can also improve their understanding to knowledge that they have learned before. And of couse, students' test score will be higher. But on the other hand, some disadvantage are exited. Above all, it will bring extre burden to students who have difficulties in study. Moreover the pressure of competition in school will become heavier. And what's worse, some poor family can't afford private teachers, which makes education unfail.
In my opinion, employing private teacher is absolutely unnecessary. Parents should give children enough time to develop their own interests.

<start>Nowadays, it's very popular among parents to find private tutors for their children. Because of fierce competitions, parents want children to learn more and think only school teaching is not enough.
Obviously, private tutor is very useful. If we have some questions when unable to ask for teachers in school, we can ask private tutor instead. Also, they can teach us what our teachers don't refer to we can learn more than those who don't have private tutors.
However, every coin has two faces. The cost of inviting private tutors is not cheap. It's difficult for poor families. What's more, long teaching time will make children bored, and they would lose interest in study.
In my opinion, I don't like to invite private tutors, I believe the teaching at school is most important and enough. If I have questions I will think thoroughly, discuss with friends, and finally ask for teachers. But I don't opposite inviting private tutors, I think it's useful for those who have difficulty in studying.

<start>In recent years, more and more parents hire private tutors for their children. And I decide to express some ideas about it.
On one hand, the advantages of private tutoring are obvious. Children can get more knowledge and understand some questions that they meet in schools. And then it will be easier for them to get good grades in exams. On the other hand, there are many disadvantages, too. First, children lose the time to exercise and have fun. So it may contribute to their poor health. Second, children may not get the ability to solve problems and study themselves.
In my opinion, private tutoring is necessary for some children, but it shouldn't continue too long. After all, the grades that decide where you study and the abilities that ensure your success are both important.

<start>It's a common phenomenon for parents to find a private tutor for their children at present. Under the government's policy, most families have only one or two children. Those parents hope their children to be successful and excellent. Thinking that school education is not enough, they tend to fill their part-time with private tutoring.
Generally speaking, private tutoring is of good use. Some children get a lot of knowledge and pick up many skills which can't be taught in school. Those knowledge and skills make them popular among students, and be more confident in their daily life. At the same time, with the part-time is occupied, there are less likely to be addicted to computer game and so on.
However, on the other hand, it's fact that many children don't like what tutors teach them. Parents sometimes force their children learning what they are not interested in. those children may be gifted in other field and can do better job if they are taught what they really love.
In my opinion, finding a private tutor for children is reasonable for parents, but parents should respect their children and avoid forcing their children do what they really don't like. Then, children may be happier to learn and get more.

<start>Employeing private tutors for kids is very common nowdays. I think it has both advantages and disadvantages.
First, Let's discuss the advantages. Absolutely, private tutors can help kids get a better surrounding to study. Besides, discussing with a private tutor can also improve their ability to communicate with others.
Second, let's discuss the disadvantages. Above all, young students will compare with others. Whose private tutor is the best. It is bad for their growing up. And a bad private tutor can mislead the kids.
In my opinion, everyone has its talent. Some people has a gift for studying. I think they don't need any private tutor. But some people don't, so their parents employee them, I want to tell these parents that please ask their childs first. If they want to study further, private tutors maybe help them. I don't think all the people succeed by studying. Other talents also make the world develop.
In a word, I don't think employeing a private tutors is a good idea.

<start>With the society developing fast, the competition between people becomes crueler and crueler. As we all know, every parents wants their children to be successful and widely respected in the future. So they want children to do in the first place when they are just at school. As a result, many parents send children to as many training classes as they can, and it is much more common in big cities.
Every coin has two sides, having private tutors has bad effects as well as pocitive effects. Students can have more time to focus on books or exercise, so they can do better than those who just lear by themselves. However, having tutors will take a lost of children's spare time, which will make children become indifferent and have less and less time to play with their friends. And many people who have a boring childhood will not like a happy life when they become adults.
Well, in my opinion, having private tutors is not necessary for most students. Parents don't have to force their children to do too much exercise because it is harmful to their menfal and physical health. What's more, the ability for learning depends more on people's inner charater and the length of time doesn't equal the efficiency. So, consider it more clearly when having a private tutor.

<start>When it comes to private tutoring, a fresh memory still lives on my mind that there was a sticker with tutoring informations on it on our domitary's board just a few days ago. It prevolent for senior school students' parents to get a undergraduate "teacher" for their "kids". Especially, students in famous university is the most popular.
But every coin has two sides. The advantages may be concluded by the followings. The most important and attractive reason for parents to emplore college students is they have real expenence dealing with the final year of senior high school and a famous university student must be experienced. Then, we'd must mention that it's easy to communicate between two person in on generation.
But it can't be ignored that its not easy to change one's way of learning in s short time. And some college students is not good everyone of them.
I think the parents must call for their own childrens if they need help at first. And the make their decisions. And for college students, we must concider the time and the potential degerous.

<start>Nowadays, it's my common for parents to employ private teachers for the children in the hope that their children are better educated.
It is true that private tutoring has its advantages. A private teacher could help children review their classwork. So children can heep more knowledge in mind. And when children have questions, it's convenient for them to turn to a private teacher. But just like a coin has two sides, private tutoring also has disadvantages. First, it contribute to the laziness of the children. Many children don't want the private teacher to help them but to finish the work instead of themselves. So having a private teacher is a way for them to escape from thinking for the solution of a problem. Second, many private teachers don't teach children in the right way. They just solve a problem for children, but don't drive home why the problem could be solved in a part color way. So, children learn nothing more than just a question.
In my opinion, private tutoring is no more than just employing a person watching your chlrdren doing homework. it's really a wast of money. Children can study well enough in school, if they pay enough attention on class. Reliance on private teacher lead children pay less attention on class with the idea that there always be sameone tp help them after class. So it's better to not to have private teacher.

<start>Nowadays, Private Tutoring is becoming more and more common among parents. On the one hand, it has some advantages. Private Tutoring helps children have a better understanding of what they learn at school and contributes to higher scores of children, which benefits children a lot. On the other hand, it has a few disadvantages, students may not listen carefully at school because of the existence of  Private Tutoring. Besides, Private Tutoring Private Tutoring costs a lot and adds the burden of parents. Moreover, it may well has no effect if the student doesn't take it seriously.
As far as I am concerned, just like every coin has two sides. Private Tutoring is both beneficial and harmful. I suggest that parents not seek it unless necessary because school teaching is of importance. In addition, Private Tutoring may make students hate studying.

<start>Private tutor is very common now. If a student can't understand what teachers taught, his or her parents may employ a tutor. Parents employ tutors for that they think is common and useful. While it has both advantages and disadvantages.
For advantages, tutor can help students a lot on their studies and may help them get very good marks in the final exam. And a good tutor can also influence students characters and help them make good habits. However, it also has disadvantages. As we all know, study is more a process of communication than personal fight. A good tutor may make the student be depended on him and lost the developing in communication with classmates. On the other hand tutors may also bring some bad habits to students.
In my opinion, it should go without saying that parents want tutors to help their children better. But their must open their eyes to find a real tutor. And encouraging their children to communicate more with teachers and classmates is the best way to solve any problems in study.

<start>As some students got their home-teacher, more and more parents started to find home-teachers for their kinds.
Recently, there is a hot discussion on home-teacher.
Some people think it is necessary for students to get a home-teacher. he or she can help them with their lessons, solve the questions that can not do. Also, he she can get together with them at the time parents are busy doing their own business.
But others hold the opposite view. They argue that the home-teachers are not their school-teacher who pay more attention on teaching. So they do not know what to teach the students and what the students should learn. Also, if your home-teacher help you solve the problem, you lost a chance to face up with it.
My attitude toward this topic is that children should not get a home-teacher. We have teachers at school who can help us with our lessons and we also need to do something by ourselves.

<start>Nowadays private tutoring, which is widely thought to be a good way to promote their childrens' study is becoming very prevanlent among parents. But whether it is  for the benefit of the children, or does it also bring some bad effect on them?
Firstly, it is for sure that private tutoring do have some advantages, for example, giving the students more time to study and making the study more efficient. Students can ask the questions they don't know and the teacher can help him grasp then in detail. The teacher will have more time and patience to explain why it is so because he has only one student, however, in the other hand, private tutoring has some problems. It costs too much to hire a private teacher and cat down the lecure time that belongs to the student. Some may not like it because they need relax at home instead of studying all day.
As far as I am concerned, private tutoring is unnecesary given the conditions we have now. when meeting with difficultives, we have many ways to tackle them, such as asking the teachers, students or searching on the taternet. Anyway, we should learn to self-relyant in life, including in our study.

<start>Nowadays it is very common that parents provide a family teacher for their children.
In the society, children have too much pressure, they have many homworks, the task in the class is also too heavy for them. Thus, they study day after day, most of them cannot keep the pace of the teacher, they cannot understand the comments the teachers say. Therefore, they should come to another way to finish their study, that is family teaching.
Through family teacher, children can learn more what they cannot learn in class, it can expand their knowledge, and have a good understanding in class. What's more, you are more free in this way, because you are teached by your teacher, only one person so you can save you time and learn more things.
But on the other hand, there are some bad parts. First, children will become more relax in the class, they cannot get more study in they class, they think they can learn after class and do not listen carefully in the class.
I think family teaching is good for children. Because it can make children learn more knowledge. And they can study better!

<start>As education becomes more and more important these days, finding a private teacher for child is more general. My younger brother is only seven years old and he is in elementary school, but his parents find a match teacher and an English teacher for him. They teach him study once a week. Not just my brother, many kids in his class have their own private teachers. This phenomenon is more general in higher grades.
Is private tutoring good or bad? In one hand, private teacher can help students with what they didn't understand in the class and help them with their homework. this will certainly promote their study. But on the other hand, with the help of other people, students lose the opportunity to think by themselves. They just recive the knowledge and repeat them. It's not good for students to develop their ability for independent study. Private tutoring also costs much. It will make family fannacial pressure heavier.
In my opinion, if not necessary, don't find a private teacher for children. Although it has some advantages, giving children more spare time and making them learn by themselves are better.

<start>The growth of students who have study problems makes it popular for private tutoring. More and more parents tend to ask private tutors for their children.
However, every coin has two sides. On the one hand, private tutors help children solve their study problems. And a face-to-face teaching makes it easier to understand their lessons for children. Besides, children can spend more time on their sickness so that they can make balanced progress. On the other hand, private tutoring may cause children to rely on their tutor. They ask tutors every problems they encounter instead of using their own minds. They may lose the ability to think independently.
Personal speaking, I'm against private tutoring. I thouk children should learn to rely on themselves, so that they can view the world as an individual, a useful and independent individual. I want to say, self-reliance is the most important thing a child should master.

<start>It is very common for parents to seek private tutors for their children in current time. Parents worry that their children will fall behind in the more and more competitive society. In their eyes, working hard is the access to a bright future.
The advantage of private tutoring is obvious. One tutor help one child to study and it can make the child have a better understanding of his course. However, this can also give more pressure to children. Besides, taking up a plenty of time, it will let children have less time to play and do what they are interested in. what's more, eccessive tutoring may cause children to lose interest in learning.
In my opinion, I don't approve of private tutoring. Parents should find their children's real interest and encourage them to learn on their own.

<start>Nowadays, most of the parents are willing to give their children private tutoring. they might think it is a good way for their children to study well. A present survey shows that nearly eighty persents of the youth have private tutoring.
It's evident that private tutoring really had some benefits. It can help the children whose ability is not enough to study easily it makes children learn more useful thing if they are willing to. But at the other side. The private tutoring might lat the children do more unhappy things and this will makes them tired and bring. If a children needs to be independent, it's indispensable for them to study only by themselves.
So in my mind, I prefer not to have private tutoring. Because it's only a waste of money. The things the children to learn must depend on themselves. For some students, what they learn in school is enough, and for some good student, they can learn by themselves. So I think private tutoring can not solve the problems of student's study and it's not useful.

<start>Now there are more and more parents who urge to have private tutors for their children in terous of the fierce competition.
As a saying goes "every coin has two sides". we are supposed to see its advantages and disadvantages.
In this modern society, we face more and more competitions. In order not to fail in the future, we should learn more knowledge confirmly, so private tutoring is necessary, they can help children solve this problem. What's more, it is converient for children to communicate with tutors, in that case, childrens will strength theirs weak points quickly.  And when they have questions, they can receive a quick answer, this helps them a lot.
But there are some bad effects that we can't neglect. Tutors make children lose the interests of indepent study, because when they have any questions, they can just ask without thinking even for a second. In addition, private tutors always have lessons on weekends, it makes children very tired, they don't have much time to relax and play, so this way will only do a litde for their study progress.
From my point of view, private tutoring is helpful to some extent. The key point is: don't let it fulfill all your children's leisure time. And let your children choose it freely, don't try to order them to.

<start>It's a common phenomenon that more and more parents find tutor for their children. Tutors teaches the various and different courses having studied in classes and both that are going to be mastered.
Of course, private tutoring have advantages. It could help the students deeply understand the concept and more flexible  to use it. Through making the knowledge repeated, the students may have more confidence to study more. Whats more, tutors will focus on everyone's condition to choose the suitable methods to make it sense. And then, I think it more important that the students can feel the personal character from tutors. Why their tutors can master it and why they could be their tutors? The students can learn other things previous from their tutors.
Therefore, there are also some disadvantages, for example, the students may lose their own study caparity, which is enssentaly for their growth. And then, they may much rely on their tutors. Besides, the expensive expense is a loan for the family.
Objectively, I'm not in favor of private tutoring. We need the knowledge, but we more need the ability of study, which is related to our longer growth.

<start>Nowadays, it's very common to find a private tutors for kids to help them study better. We can understand that parents hope that their children can master knowledge as much as better, so they may have better lives in the future. But, are the tutors good for children's study?
Some people believe it is true. They think children need guides, because they can't study by themselves. Not like teachers in the school, private tutors only teach one person. There is also a important reason why they think tutor is good, it is that the classroom is their home. So they can watch their kids learning. According to these, they are sure that tutor can make their kids study better.
But some people think there is one point that they ignored. Although tutor can teach children more knowledge, but this can also decrease children's ability of thinking by themselves. Children must pay attention to teacher at school so they can't think at daytime. If they have to listen to what the tutor teach at night, they won't have any time to think by themselves. In this way, children will be a bin that used to absorb knowledge, but can't think. That's terrible for a purson, especially for his character's forming.
As for my opinion, I dislike the tutor. I think the knowledge from teachers in school is enough. Children should think of the knowledge at their spart time. Even if they have other time after they finish their study, they should relax or communicate with their friends. I think these activities are better for children's future.

<start>Now, it's common to have private tutors for students. The tress of study, examation and the expacting to students make their parents spend money emploring private tutoring. Thus almost all the students have their own private tutoring.
Private tutoring has its advantages, but it also has many disadvantages. It can prove students' examtion scores and let them have more changes to enter good school, get more knowledges. But it reduce much time of rest, make students more stress and even make them only know how to study rather than how to live.
In my opinion, private tutoring is bad for students. They must have enough time to rest and play. They should learn in school not every time. 

<start>Nowadays, with the society developing and the education competition advancing, Private Tutoring has become more and more common, for the reason that many parents expect their children to be better educated.
When it comes to the Private Tutoring, it of course has some benefits. Private Tutoring can make students better educated and get high grades in the school. What's more, it also decline the waste time spending on To or Computer games.
However, as the saying goes, every coin has its two sides. Private Tutoring has disadvantages as well. It is private tutoring that put much more stress on students, thus stop the students from developing their own interests.
From my perspective, Private Tutoring can be benefitful but not necessary. Only when we balance the Private Tutoring with ordinary education. Can students be better educated and have a good development.

<start>Now that the stress of altending better middle school and university is becoming larger, thus the wider phenomenon of parents employing private tutors for their children.
Obviously, private tutoring has several unique advantages compered with normal classes. Firstly, once you meet hardship in your study, immediately you can ask private tutors. Beside, private tutoring is flesible and provide mire space for students.
On the other hand, private tutoring may not improve children's grades as they are not all as professional as school teachers, worsely it will also enlarge the pressure and shorter the leisure time for students.
In my opinion, you needn't end shall not

<start>As is universally acknowledged, private tutoring is that parents employ teachers to teach their children at home. As far as I am concerned, the phenomenon of private tutoring is very ordinary. When it comes to this point, I think all of us may have many different ideas to exchange.
In the first place, as a proverb says "everything has its own two sides", private tutoring is not an exception. The advantages of private tutoring are as follows. Firstly, there would be a better study environment than in school. Secondly, thanks to the face-to-face teaching. Students will have a better understanding of knowledge. The disadvantage is that teachers have the duty to teach more and more students thus they can make greater contributions to society, because of the private tutoring teachers may have less time and energy in school which may result in a bad effect on them.
As for me. Personally speaking, students should study harder in school. After all, the school is the place that we stay in most of our time. If we didn't make progress in study at school while study at home through private tutoring. In the eyes of mine  , it's a waste of time and money.
These are all I want to express. In a word, students school hard is the most important.

<start>With the rapid development of economy, people have more and more money. At the same time, they become to realize the important of education. So parents want their children to get good education to get higher and higher grades in school, as it can be seen from the private tutoring market. Nowadays, it is a common practice to have a tutor for students.
Every coin has two sides, also, private tutoring has both advantages and disadvantages. On the one hand, it can sometimes improve students grades. So that they can enter into a good university also they will learn more things than others. On the other hand, it will cost our parents to earn money. What's more, it is bad for our independence in study.
In my opinion, I think this is no need to have a tutor, we can study hard instead of it. Most importantly, we can consult our teacher if we need. Last but not least, we should not burden our parents.

<start>The world is developing, as with the pressure upon s to make a living. Studying makes a necessery part in our lives. Inviting private tutors has become more and more common in nowadays.
There's no doubt that inviting a private tutor can improve your study, usually the tutors have done a lot research on the examinations, they will tell you what knowledge you should pay attention to, what exercises you should take. It's really a good way to improve grades. But for those intelligent students, it's totally a waste of time. They don't need others to instruct them what to do, how to study, all they need is to have enough time to find out their own way to learn all by themselves.
In my opinion, even the best tutors can only tell you what the knowledge is, what attitude you should have during your study, but not the most suitable way for you to learn. There is no need wasting time on how to improve the grades, we should live for ourselves. If you only want to get higher marks, invite one, but if you dream of becoming a musivian, singer, artist, spend your spark time to chase your dream.

<start>With the development of the culture and education, a new teaching style appears. It's called Private Tutoring. And what is a private tutoring? It is a teaching way to emange a private teacher to teach your child.
Now, with the thought that let child learn a lot in study, many parents do this way. And the private Tutoring is common now. 
In their opinion, the private tutoring can help child learn easily. If the child is not good at some knowledge, they can help them. In addition, if the child wants to learn something like piano, painting and so on. There are some special teachers teaching them. And the children can learn a lot.
But there are also some people being against it. They think it  a way of wasting money and adding the children's stress. What's more, this way can have a infence on the teaching of the school. As far as I am concerned, I support this way. Because this way gives us students a method to make money by using what we are learn. And by it we can live by ourselves. So I think it is good for us students.

<start>In these years, as the development of economy and education, private tutoring has become quite popular. Many parents try their best to find a proper one to give their children private tutoring.
There are two different groups of attitude toward this. Some think it will be a great help to the children in their study. Some students fall behind others at school. And private tutoring will make it easier for them to catch up with their classmates. 
But the rest disagree. Because they think it won't help them too much and will be a wast of money and student should have more time to have fun after school.
In my view, it deponds. Some students may have a great progress through private tutoring. And some will not. If a student want to study well, he will take great trouble to study, and private tutoring will be helpful. If he is unwilling, private tutoring will we useless.

<start>In recent years, people in China employ private teachers in order to improve their children's study. And this tend  become more and more popular.
It's no doubt that private teachers can help students solve problems in study. help them make great prograss.  But there're also some disadvantages. Children will not spending time solving problem by them selves if they have a teacher at around who they can ask. So they become dependent in study, which will do harm for their future development.
In my opinion, wether employing a teacher or not isn't necesary for every parent. They should know if their children have problems in study. If they do well in study, but you still let a teacher help him. That will both waste your money and your children's time. Finally, I suggest parents should have their own idea and don't chase others. Everyone is different afterall.

<start>Now, it's very common for parents to get a teacher at home to teach their childrens. Even for children in kind garden, parents also get teachers for math or English. Because of the growing population of Chinese, competition between children is increasing. Parents are worried about it and try their best to make their children to win.
Home teaching has both advantages and disadvantages. It's makes students learn more new knowledge and open their eyes to the world. Or they help to remumber the knowledge they learned at school clearly. But on another hand, they can also take up the spare time for students to rest and relax. Student might also not study hard at school because the have to study the same things at home.
Should parents get home teachers of their children? I think it depends on their childrens ability. Some students are smart and are eager to learn more things after school. Some students wants to learn art or music as skills. But some students are hard to deal with the work at school and couldn't learn more. Parents shouldn't put much stress on their childrens. Because the reason of learning is to make people live a happy life.

<start>Now, it is normal to invite a teacher into private family to teach the child of the family. But it has benefits and it also brings problem. We should treat it objectively.
Private Tutoring has many benefit. Children study all together in lecture of school. Teachers can not care for every single children. So it's hard to guarantee that all the children study well. Tutoring makes teacher concentrating on one child. Teacher should stop to explain something wherever the child cannot understand. Through this, child can study well. Also the teacher get more money send the quality of life of the teachers will raise.
Private Tutoring also has many problem. Children should also learn to study by themself. Fteachers cannot teach them all the life. If children rely on the tutoring they don't have the ability to think and learn independent. What's more? Some families can't afford the private Tutoring. This brings the unbalance of the study resource of the children.
As far as I'm concerned. If children surely feel difficult to study well when they are studying in school or by themselves, they should accept private tutoring. And if they have the ability to study well, they should do by themselves and they can get exercise. We use the private tutoring properly, we can get benefit finally.

<start>Nowadays, many a student is taking courses after school, which is called private tutoring. It's common for parents to hire a tutor for their child - probably a college student or a retire teacher - to assist studying. Parents often harbor the fear that other children can learn more by private tutoring, so they are enthusiastic in persuading their child.
The topic cause some argument. Some support private tutoring, they think the parents should undertake the obligation to drive their child home. Tutors can offer students more knowledge, which can broader their horizon. Furthermore, face - to - face assistant can make it easier for the teacher to figune out the situation the student is in and work out solutions for the child himself. But opposers state that private tutoring is not only a waste of money but also a waste of time. Investing so much but leading the child to a lack of enthusiasm is not a good choice.
In my opinion, privating tutoring is a reserval of priority. The decision that pursuing knowledge ought to be made neither by parents nor by the tutor. Besides the above - mentioned disadvantages, private tutoring can cause a lack of competence for the child. In a big class, teacher can figure out the questions that students all have and throw light on them. But private tutoring can never have the process. Moreover, as too much knowledge is given in the spare time to the child, he can not accept knowledge very well. In a conclusion, parents should respect their child's self reliance and private tutoring is not beneficial to students.

<start>With competition becoming stronger and stronger, It's common to find a tutor for children. Parents hope that their children can learn better through the way.
We all know that tutor can help children to comprehend what they are coufused of. They can solve the problems that students don't know. For tutor, it's a good way to get some experience.
Just as every coin has two sides, find a tutor for children can also have some disadvantages. It would make children too lazy to solve problems on their own. It also probably lead children depending on tutors too much. 
In my opinion, parents should know what their children need before deciding whether finding a tutor or not. They should never just find a tutor for their children only because they know other children have a tutor or it maybe have a bad influence on their children.

<start>In nowadays, private tutoring is a common phenomenon in our saiaty. Most of our parents spend a lots of money on it. A lots of students lost their spare time because of it.
Of course, private tutoring has its own advantages and disadvantages. Here are some advantages of it. We can improve our grades sometimes. If we have our own teacher at home, we can ask any questions which we can't understand well in class. We also can get some good ideas to work out the problems. If we have problems in study. 
We can ask our own teacher and he or she will give us a good repines to us. But then, it has disadvantages as well. If you have a teacher of home, you may can't focus on in class. You may rely on the teacher excessively. you can't work out the problems on you own and the like.
For my part, I think it is unnecessary to have a private tutoring. I think it is a waste of time and money. I think we must work out problem on ourselves but others help.

<start>With the development of the modern society, there are more and more completetion. Many parents want their children to be successful in the future. So, private tutoring is common.
In some ways, private tutoring can help students' study. Students may not understand what their teachers say in class. Then they can get help from private tutoring. What's more, some good students can learn more about their study. Through this way, their grades can be great.
Every coin has two sides. There are some bad things about private tutoring. Students may depend on it, then they may not listen to the teacher carefully in class. Besides, the quality of private tutoring can't be guaranteed.
From my point of view, private tutoring is unnecessary. The knowledge we learn from school is enough. We don't have to learn more outside class. We should focus our attention on our class, then we can get great grades.

<start>Having private tutorings has become more and more popular among students in the modern society. Many people think it is benefitial while others don't agree. I believe that the advantages of private tutoring are more than the disadvantages of it.
Firstly, private tutoring can provide students with a variety form of study. It can be adapted to student timself. It provides with more opportunities for students to interest in.
Secondly, private tutoring can help student save time. Private teachers can help students find what they are misunderstanding and do not repeat again and again on what they have mastered of.
Thirdly, private tutoring provide college students or even high school students with the way of earning money. They can earn money this way to pay for their tuitions.
However, there are also some disadvantages of private tutoring. It may make student don't pay attention on school enough. Students may ignore the importance of studying in school and devote their study time only in private tutoring.
To sum it up, although there are some disadvantages of private tutoring I also think it is benefitied.

<start>Nowadays, it is very common to affor a private teacher for childs. The habit of parents gradually spreads as the household incomes keep rising. Most parents have the ability. Then comes the problem, is it a good way to help the childs?
Some hold the opinion that a tutor can greatly help childs with the subjects. For instance, the work of dealing with some hard problems, summarize the work of dealing with some hard problems, summarize the knowledge, and so on. Tutors are needed, especially for the childs who don't have a good habit to study. And, tutors help with some philosophy problems. Some children may lose heart in studying, fall deep in somputer games. They really need to communicate because tutors can be good friends.
Others don't think so. A tutor can take the schedule into totally mess for they take up too much time that can be used by the child personally originally. And, a tutor doesn't often care about the child's creativity and imaginity, for he focus on how much the child knows, how high the child can get in a exam.
In my opinion, whether a child needs a private tutor depends on what kind of student he is. If he knows the importante of acquiring knowledges and have the ability to understand what he is learning, it is not nessesary to afford a private tutor at all. But if he doesn't, I personally think a tutor is needed. Above all, a tutor depends on whether you need him or not. 

<start>Nowadays, it has been a common phenomena to employ private tutors for children, especially in some big cities.
Private tutoring has some advantages. Firstly, it helps students make progress in learning. A private teacher cam provide them with extra knowledge and good experience which are not acquired in classroom. Secondly, some college students can earn some money to live a easier life by offering private tutoring. Thirdly, private tutoring provides working chance, which relieves the employment stress in society.
On the other hand, it has some disadvantages. With private teachers helping, students wouldn't think by themselves. Meanwhile, private tutoring strengthens the turdon of some families, because they have to pay for it. Morever, private tutoring decrease the spare time of students and they can't do what they want to do.
In my opinion, whether employ private tutors is determined basied on personal conditions. If you want to enter a key university and your study is not good, you should employ a private tutor.

<start>Nowadays, the phenomenon is very common that many parents find private tutors for their children, for these or those reasons, And I'd like to take about the advantages and disadvantages of the private tutoring.
It's obvious that there are many advantages of private tutoring. Firstly, it can let the children spend more time styding instead of just playing for fun. Then, the private tutoring can help the children understand what they can't in the class during the daytime, and the children may gain from it.
On the other hand, the private tutoring has some disadvantages. As we all know, children have their own intents, and the interests may give way to the private tutoring and can't get developed. What's more, the children can't hear the heavy press of study, it's unhealthy for them to learn all day round.
Personally speaking, private tutoring has more advantages than disadvantages. We can find tutors for children, but we should pay attention to how much time it will take up. The times of classes every week should be suitable, and we should make sure that the children can gain something from it. So how to use the private tutoring is the only thing we have to care about.

<start>Recently, many parents prefer to invirting private tutors for their children. Why does the situation appear so widely?
Private tutoring is a new career which is developing at an unbelievable speed. The college students are the main members of the private tutors. They get the pay from the job to support their study and practice themselves. Meanwhile, children may improve fast with the tutor's help. It seems helpful both for the tutors and the children. But in fact, it's not as useful as the parents imagine. Children are tired enough, but the private tutoring makes them move stressful. Futhermore, it decrease the independence and confidence of the children.
In my view, the private tutor may be helpful but not necessary. If your children can study by themselves, why do you spend extra money inviting the tutors?

<start>Nowadays private tutoring is becoming a common phenomenon in our society. The groups who ask for private tutoring rang from primary school to high school students and the subjects which you can ask for a private tutoring consist of all subjects you can learn in and out school. It seems that private tutoring is very popular.
Though more and more parents are willing  ask for private tutoring for their children, we should learn about both the advantages and disadvantages of private tutoring. The advantages of private tutoring is obvious, firstly, it can help the children study better, sometimes the teachers in school teach too fast as your child can't catch up with the teacher, the a private teacher will be of great help. According to the child's own study problems, the private teacher can teach the child what is the most necessary. On the other hand, quit a lot of the private teachers are college students whose family are poor, a part-time private tutoring job can help them earn extra money to supply college life.
Every coin has two sides, so as the private tutoring, it still has some disadvantages, such as it makes the child think less by his own and the cost is high.
In my opinion, parents should learn about their children's study performances firstly and then decide whether their children really need a private tutoring. Even so, do not ask private turtoring for all subjects in order to make the child think and study independent. 
